test:  generate multiple shutdowns suite for a suite type .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests the test configuration and triggers the accepted configuration from the database .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach voters boolean to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   votes

test:  add paths to theme theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   locale

test:  simple html template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  create a virtual path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  null   way
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a file path which is a symlink of file with test data .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  returns   filename
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  delete a vhost policy via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  add minimum grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  add   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a gnu file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  export   get
truth:  null   bottom

test:  a applying a screenshot .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  null   method

test:  finds all the tools for a tool .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  finds   svn
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to have been rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init celery testing of test celery app .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  a decorator for methods whose result is a specified property in a class .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project and project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  helper function for adding a time string to a string .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  function   return
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   node
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to '/results/' file given a task id and/or a task id and/or a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  a factory for adding nodes .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  change the users groups for the given uid .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  change   bytes
truth:  process   process

test:  given a list of user pairwise_kernels .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  set   a

test:  escape string from base16 .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  string   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  compute an error matrix for the mx x .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  remove   x
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only load if the specified register value is of the key in __salt__ .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find index in tree by monday given no_chown==false .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  generate   try
truth:  indices   indices

test:  disconnect session tokens from session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   logs
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  replace single-item characters and ]]] with unix whitespace .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  record   list
truth:  fix   line

test:  n325 - dont use valid edge .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  -   check
truth:  check   check

test:  strip a single choice keywords in a form of a chain of keywords .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  strip   get
truth:  split   split

test:  run a package driver command .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   logic
truth:  null   logic

test:  return the full path of a file on the specified url .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  shortcut   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a simple view for setting exception types and handle that do not alternative .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  request   request

test:  calculate the time slice slice at a time slice .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  train a subset of x and return it .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  function   imports
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a uniform partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  swaps   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  turn a list of time ordering into a tuple x .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  given   null

test:  get the development status .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  evaluate an ugly or a string that contains comparisons .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  evaluate   multiply
truth:  decorate   a

test:  given a shell-like name .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  given   function
truth:  build   a

test:  execute the main command line from a subprocess .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  start task to the response and assigning it .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  datetimes   task
truth:  start   start

test:  generate total indices from a bootstrap way .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  this creates a full global configuration manager for shell-like applications from database .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get a string for the given request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a demonstration helper for calling the specified type .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  null   return
truth:  defines   null

test:  check if a specific value is a previous one .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  if   ids
truth:  if   check

test:  send a list of haproxy haproxy backend haproxy backend socket haproxy stats socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  send   hosts
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  safely try to return a shell-like python cookbook .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  name   a
truth:  go   null

test:  return a hash of remotes .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  make the case of the file .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  are   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  the time zone needs to be the correct kwargs are the same now .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  displaying a firstof list passed that is not needed .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  render failed model instance and store an existing user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  finds   read
truth:  null   login

test:  compute polynomial g of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task context is visible .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the nth covariance term of a random expression parameters x : ndarray the expression array rather than the abs of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  print   null
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a backup volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press muting events for muting volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  upload   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  this is a string linear predicate function in the predicate whose data = 0 is or the given predicate .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  reset all configured tests and enter the build as expected .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  vertical blas inverse of an image .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  form   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compare two d1 variables that depend on both d1 and right configuration variables .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  null   vm
truth:  given   null

test:  take the cache setting and set it .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  convert a sequence of length in sequence into a sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replaces unwanted data from the process .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shuts   null

test:  return the version of the module .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  returns   version

test:  wrapper around the cost .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  return   null
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shutdown the system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be rebooted .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shuts   return
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  shuffle elements .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-deployer start a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup data for n_steps .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  if the pack data is installed .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  a client for views that should be made about the client .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  null   retry
truth:  null   api

test:  convenience function for getting the *x* .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  function   download
truth:  run   run

test:  sets the http port .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return a new python python python python python python python python python python python python python python python python sandbox .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  return true if the slug is valid .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write a sysfs service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  write   set
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the next ports handler .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  string   tokens
truth:  turn   a

test:  asserts that obj is true or both obj and contains a name .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  asserts   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  native native sets into the python object .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  color   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  sets the dominating set to a dominating graph .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  sets   compute
truth:  finds   a

test:  generates a binary structure .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  connected   remove

test:  attempt to determine the content for a vertical course .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a node instance dummy disk to the specified vm cli example: .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  pass out the current logic and start with a given path .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  svn   a
truth:  null   null

test:  disconnect a specified core .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  modifies   piecewise
truth:  set   x

test:  calculate the partition index from a sequence .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  split   a
truth:  create   dask

test:  get a value by name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return an instance of minimum fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parameters hadoop : hadoop of main task .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  write   function
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected assignment_no_params_with_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   socket
truth:  expected   null

test:  creates and returns a dynamic wtforms .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  form   form

test:  determines the directory path by a given folder path .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  unpack   try
truth:  if   null

test:  delete a resource view .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if given port is valid .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the total graph of a directed graph g in edge .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  reads in pickle records .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  reads   profiling
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  convert a nfunc spec to the project spec .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  make   null
truth:  replace   a

test:  return the path of a given page .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tenant .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   up

test:  enqueue given str .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  given an user object .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  given   null
truth:  look   up

test:  new jobs .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show legend rule as set .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  show   attribute
truth:  function   function

test:  replace how many hub to the command .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  requests   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  active modules view .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  export   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a dict of the length after the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a pickled object and save it to a file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   reverse
truth:  load   a

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  trim a variable from the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from salt://_states .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  latex   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  prints the matching title given value .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  null   print
truth:  display   display

test:  set the cache behavior of a cache .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   annotations
truth:  update   update

test:  return the first[ .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  reverse   dataframe
truth:  given   a

test:  handle exception error message name .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  exception   function
truth:  checks   a

test:  create 'ok\n' .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  verify   create

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ipv6 group name .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the spider for a file .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  null   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  finds many caches from the plugin tree .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  updates an exploration in the collection .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  run a single quotes snippet is clever enough to identify groups within verbosity within the given scenario .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  run   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  fetch and log a task .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  simply return the format defined in the given date .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   a

test:  detect the data .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  detect   callback
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list pat that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get equation for rectangular dot .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  create a node cli examples: .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  pack a list of tuples to a stream .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  config   columns
truth:  object   object

test:  config and parametrize default config ids .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  to   override
truth:  override   override

test:  returns a build server used for the given server_url .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test installing from svn reads after svn locations .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  returns an simple member .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filter nested resource data to a list of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  reduce   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  fetches the contents of a cache cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  installed   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  convert a square matrix to a sympy matrix .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync sync modules from salt://_grains to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   state
truth:  sync   sync

test:  return true if pygments has a certain traceback .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  if   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an email .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  is   new
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns the unicode representation of a incremented for certain object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the type corresponding to the given type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   parameters

test:  initialize a user with information in the database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  to   null

test:  assert file options .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  parse   test
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert mutable arguments argument into string-like arguments .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  take   return
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the translation for the current thread .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  constructs   returns
truth:  override   override

test:  fetch the list of json file names from the given list of files .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  fetch   generate
truth:  iterate   null

test:  decorator that automatically get callable from the decorated function .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  mark   decorator
truth:  null   functools

test:  run an esxcli command directly from the host or list of hosts .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   run
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: screenshot abort the build failure requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log plugin <jdepend+plugin> .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replace html tags within a string .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  adjust   string
truth:  insert   insert

test:  support the output of plain pickle source string for xml .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  host   function
truth:  reduce   null

test:  get value from the callable .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  value   get
truth:  null   psutil

test:  returns a random random cloud characters .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of python code snippet .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  deletes top exited .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   remove
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  returns a list .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check if there is any duplicate arithmetic .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  like json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   null
truth:  serializes   a

test:  show a specific scene traversal according to the starcluster name .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  show   details
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wait for a specific function within a wait for a response .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  get a javascript file to use for all the urls in the db .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  send a message to the given email .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  mark   i
truth:  email   email

test:  given a template name and a template .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in file format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  read   graph

test:  cast variable to config .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  wrap   test
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager that ignores the given output groups .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  get   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  creates a new rule .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  a colorless output should print a table with no of each node .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  recursively deserialize the given value .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  include   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  because the specified document is saved .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  merge protected plugin returns: protected at protected .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  copies   plugin
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  returns a l{deferred} instance with 'eth .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  random test objective function .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  test   randomly
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed packages in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  forward groebner using groebner basis .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  to   a
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  return currently other cones of the nn order as a list of lists currently the nn of dense .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  time   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a version of the behaves header and returns a tuple .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  retrieve user by id .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test same_domain .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   null
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   method
truth:  required   method

test:  add two local calendars list in a calendar list .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  to   update
truth:  persists   new

test:  check main code for adding application while adding application plugin .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  code   sets
truth:  determine   a

test:  wrapper around cluster_id .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  retrieve a list of the netstat tree .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  raises an array of stemmer .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  raises   count
truth:  returns   a

test:  look up the database and executes it in the database .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  look   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  check if arrays are any first arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  if   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a list of tags to a slug .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  remove an externally file from the destination .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert the total number to binary .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   data

test:  runs plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  write processing input file .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prints a string to its string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  print   print

test:  if any openid calls the servers .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get known device name from data structure .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the / random sequence in a set of / pairs .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the length is an exception string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  render a single http:// template .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  is   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  modified   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  loads additional units for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  loads   try
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns input array .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  resolve an module .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  load   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a unicode string into a list of x components .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  float32 out images with the same arguments .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   in
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  raise cherrypy on a 304 or cherrypy since the client has been set and the requested url .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  raise   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  retrieve the multivariate unit id for the xmodules .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  null   source
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse the key/value pair in the list of available lookup .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  builds vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  yield nodes in a reference to an iterable of reference .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test that an error message with invalid values .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  color   null
truth:  null   censure

test:  patch credentials for dataset to store .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  add   add

test:  find a specific compact object by the given compact name .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  is   language
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all directory to the specified directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  exceptionsdef commands from vim .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  check if the given list of non-default elements .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  tests that theano meets uniform should be loaded .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a package filename return a list of all available python modules replace .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the provider information for the given provider and location .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a 4-byte unsigned byte array .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculate workload vcpus that run on a given node .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  moves   null

test:  a helper function to read syntax from a file .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  function   a
truth:  run   a

test:  generate a specified condition .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  fix   helper
truth:  executes   a

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  stop watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  set a database with the given size and wait for the given pool .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   defaults

test:  if a given user exists on the current environment .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all alarm events on the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  split all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  null   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return a list of names .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  view   data
truth:  is   null

test:  commits changes if the transaction is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  call the function with hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   null

test:  try to guess search and return a list .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check contributors and contributors around contributors .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks access works .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper around adding dates string to a timezone blank or local date string args: total_loss: : list of date format category/name date .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the generator yielding nodes in a graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  generate   expand
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  the scenario -> step passed through steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   scenario

test:  get a collection of status by name .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convert version of bcaches .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  url   virtual
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert an roman integer to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return x .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  view that handles a upgrade flow to the user or queried .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  converts a list of '%s% into a list of ip addresses .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  converts   try
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a command to a subshell pointing to a python 3 .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  return   return

test:  authentication and class if user is deprecated .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of binary replace_nonprintables .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  return   state
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  create a directory .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  configure options and no configuration mode .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  null   event
truth:  remove   remove

test:  drop coordinates for cylindrical radius .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write all the edges and associated configs .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  write   null
truth:  update   head

test:  retrieve sass sass directories .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  list   list

test:  parsing a user id from an non-interactive file .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a template for the given path .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create and return a binary string .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  a generator function to otu otu file .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  null   otu
truth:  list   list

test:  this page presents a dict that first automatic os installation and has editable .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of thumbnails in the source folder .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  return   a

test:  imports a dotted module given its string and return the object with a .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the data for a data .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   version

test:  uninstall a capability using the specified source args: capability: the capability to be contained in the capability to install : the path to the root directory of the capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  perform an image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  return the given data provider .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package upgrade cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  create   tests
truth:  search   search

test:  install a decoder in a thread using the specified reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  install   a
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  the restful handler for requests .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  null   method
truth:  obtains   null

test:  dependencies should be a valid non header .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return the disk usage of a path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return the list of configured containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_list : parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert the numpy matrix to a scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return true if the vm exists .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : string convert a long integer to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scale the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  content   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  update the value of the provided key modified by the original values .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   syntax
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member is logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  the destroy function allowing compute the last element beta .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns a string representation of a number .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture providing a helper which can be used for testing and will called before running them .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   code
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  traverses the list of selector objects .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  lowercase   a
truth:  query   a

test:  delete a volume from an object .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test that the compressed of a random transform image to gpu .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  null   kinds

test:  download bound for server mode and returns the trapezoid internal parameters .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  download   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the path to the directory for the given filename .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign file with *settings*: .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  file   a
truth:  create   lhs

test:  reads shape gpu links .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  output   null
truth:  function   function

test:  detects metadata for the image .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  export   export
truth:  get   get

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flow   flow

test:  render dict to open file parameters scikit-learn : ndarray .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  input   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  create a fake cookie element .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  null   a

test:  which arguments should be used .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  input   a
truth:  function   function

test:  save a collection dataset to a collection of events .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  save   a
truth:  split   up

test:  return the reservations .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   networks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if path is a link to link in the given url .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  returns   arg
truth:  return   return

test:  get list of lists of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  list   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  setup 'switch' component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  only load if zc .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  return   load
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of python and look up values of python modules used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test stim stim .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   methods

test:  json['definitions'][ voodoo -- returns note using soundcloud note on note using soundcloud .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to return rankvals layer vector .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  to   list
truth:  tie   correction

test:  check if the scan of a scan under a certain engine id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  update a communication update .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  update   update
truth:  input   input

test:  returns: the canonicalized absolute pathname .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  internal helper method to create a tenant .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the common neighbors of all node pairs in ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  print default chars of default number .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   dhcp
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   strip
truth:  translate   a

test:  check the external tree structure for the given tree .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two objects called by a certain fraction .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  get the current plugin configuration directory .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  get   plugin
truth:  obtain   a

test:  list system state of projects .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  testing   list
truth:  if   null

test:  apply dictionary with iterable of func and returns a dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  func   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the given keywords .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  given a dictionary of base64decodes .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   try
truth:  given   null

test:  draw font font layout .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  display   null
truth:  displays   a

test:  add a user object to the metadata of json info .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  add   return
truth:  has   null

test:  manage the specified snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  make a header table for omega where clause is a sample table for omega code .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   performance
truth:  sample   sample

test:  if you get compatible list .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  if   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses a soap enveloped part of saml modules in the same state as the object .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return the output of the image .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  return   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  evaluate the string argument passed in by the payment .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function is needed to get the schema_endpoint function at the first axes .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   custom

test:  test rasterization positions according to the same u'fancyarrow .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  time   case
truth:  function   function

test:  add subscription subscriptions to the list of ones subscriptions .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  add   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  simply print the stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  log   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns index page .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  whitespace   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string - identity from a password .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  return   change
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that an object is of the list of acceptable duplicated .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  object   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the running system .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  return   template
truth:  sends   a

test:  a view that is requested with get an empty response .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a wait output of the dictionary to be returned as output of the state functions .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  the command line argument for continuation .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the cpu info should be removed .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  l2 targets of two linear unit targets .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  null   null
truth:  weighted   null

test:  mdadm provides raid functions for linux .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  make sure the parent of an instance is in the parent adml_xml_data returns a dict .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  make   a
truth:  if   check

test:  attempt to guess a document and return the reference .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  to   a
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get and add an indexed heightgrid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  add an xml element to the desired element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  add   compile
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  add a rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  add   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a new song dict .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  returns json object for given stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transform the exception for kinds that reverted you might want to make them .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  transforms   a

test:  undo of *x* .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  return   function
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  a view that exists based on a particular dictionary .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return list of known modules .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factory a hash of a file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  translates the input array of index .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  produce   transforms
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a collection of collections instances of dataset .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   build

test:  get the x ratio of tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  accuracy classification loss .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  validate valid config :type value: string .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   null

test:  requeststate argument will return a function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  null   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  retrieve row based on a table and name .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  retrieve   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  set the blob key for the specified request name .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  set   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return a file mode mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   running
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse metadata from a response body .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a 2ter block .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual role .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  result['encoding'] the path of a line .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  do scan .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  do   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a valid locale .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  take   scorer
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions can tokenize string .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  setup a single training cost .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  null   a

test:  send py3 most v2 from playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  save   default
truth:  open   playlists

test:  get specific resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   data
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check for a filename .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  null   framework

test:  append custom custom custom custom custom custom custom installation path for enum_values .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  read   null
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  return an unix observer object .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set the target list available for the target targets .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  string   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the value of an instance for a server cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  get the number of html .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the cpu execution of a gpio .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  file   null
truth:  given   a

test:  map mpl yiq value to a dictionary .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  map   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the user has the permissions .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  retrieve   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  select a given engine .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  is   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote and characters in double quotes .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete a check from redis .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  check that the response returned from the response .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns dict with conf_file volume or table parameters table : str name in the table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure a test attribute will be set correctly .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  ensure   no
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload the global user authentication .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  config   testing
truth:  null   style

test:  takes external domain name .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the name of the process in libc .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   calls
truth:  null   null

test:  return a multivariate polynomial of the given g] .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  leading   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of dead jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  store a custom auth backend .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  load   view
truth:  if   null

test:  m with estimated expansion .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a temp directory .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  mock prepare_setup_platform .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where filename is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  looks   try
truth:  searches   searches

test:  check if an release image is release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  test   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create a new git folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   touch
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate spectral correlation matrix .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  calculate   boolean
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  wrapper for the package type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return angle from source .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  convert   test
truth:  to   helper

test:  completes the selected slices .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  solve   loop
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  call pathname .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  call   null
truth:  create   create

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  null   check
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return normalized polynomials in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  like sections .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  like   html
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  register   register

test:  return a list of users in the running config file .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   users
truth:  list   list

test:  takes links and links .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a composites' composites' wabbits composites' .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call a function with an asynchronous message .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   null
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a valid entry in format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return an numeric part of a part .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  merge   example
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serializes a traceback version .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  return the binary system .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   a

test:  the largest integer dkey using a decryption type .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  if   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  establish nested average and a sum of data .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  sum   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if field should be used to select deeper views .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install twisted and return the result instance that require twisted .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  install   a
truth:  start   start

test:  return the node level for a given environment .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  return   return
truth:  context   context

test:  ensure that a class is an instance of the tree .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read a string .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  return   equivalent
truth:  pickled   load

test:  default logging handler for the default dulwich level .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  null   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  restful crud controller - used to just search_ac for use in autocompletes .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  default whitespace for multiple lines .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns the natural factorial of the set to n .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return true if the named service is installed .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a message on a topic without waiting for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  creates a new triggerdb model type db object - trigger_type .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   store
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a name from a pathname .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve an selinux formatted date of an selinux graph .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  this method tries to get a package can be used within a given aws dependency .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  run an crash task .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  run   null
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a verify request is available .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  performs   a

test:  format a template name using the given context .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the index for membership the test index .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  set   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  grab the samplefilefor connection .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  show   show

test:  given a device path .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  given   check
truth:  if   check

test:  make a release release .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  make   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  retrieves blobs from database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  file   a
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value corresponding to a check label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list the hash configuration configuration configuration .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return a dict of action actions .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  null   return
truth:  creates   classes

test:  decorator for adding a python object to a ast decorator .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  handle trivial polynomials in k[x] .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  trivial   handle
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  main function for the npm app via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   command
truth:  take   a

test:  get all filters .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  apply a scalar matrix to the given size .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  sum   null
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  creates an submission instance .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given exception target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  makes   find
truth:  find   find

test:  solves a de for internally .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  null   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a module that can be used as a module .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  loads the replacement token that enables the app with the app given .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  loads   uses
truth:  return   return

test:  return an array .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname that do not change .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a master file using a given filename .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   return
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return dataset from given length .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call a list of arguments .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  call   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  test a bug that arose from issue pyopengl test .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   spatial
truth:  test   a

test:  get the certificate under namespace from aws key server .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get the windows console .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all of the files in all available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   run

test:  expand path and ~user constructions .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a dict mapping discussion_ids to respective discussion xblock metadata if it is cached and visible to the user .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate the hash for a template .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   commands

test:  returns an object ready for the given object of a given object .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  returns   exception
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper around echo hierarchy .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  null   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  read eeg maxshield .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  read   return
truth:  function   function

test:  rebuild a given nearly .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns a list of all includes include include include directories .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  get the default value for this project .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  check if the specified service is running .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  if   layer
truth:  return   return

test:  close command line .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  null   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status of the service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  kill   callback
truth:  return   return

test:  custom representation of bug: .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  mocks   get
truth:  to   connect

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object will enable the type of the object copy: rescales : editable aces to the object copy: and return
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  enable   inheritance
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  parameter function .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that makes a function is run outside a run of func .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  some of the docinfo collate noisy .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  build   app
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  walk for all basedirs directory in sources .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  walk   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  tests that various interpreter are shown .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  change the users email based on the email email .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  change   a
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse multiple definitions definitions definitions from string or stream definitions .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the tpot rate limiting the tpot when a bunch of members .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get source files and setup service data from app engine .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a bucket exists .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  very destructive .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   hex
truth:  multiply   a

test:  upload a blob to the create_upload_url() returns: successfully .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update the execution of the wrapped function on the provided objects when the wrapped was created .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   sets
truth:  update   update

test:  copy data from a service .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  determines   validation
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a task instances .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   update

test:  test whether it matches any expression .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  see   null

test:  determine whether x is inside a cdf .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sequence lucas lucas compositeness test .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   lucas

test:  this call a desktop environment .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create the acceptable .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  function   up
truth:  create   a

test:  compute iteration and eeg surface .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   field

test:  a decorator to require authentication value .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  return the full location .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   search

test:  sanitize a normalized object into normalized and return list of user names .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  results   a
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a package and return a dict .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user has check rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  update the current time and name .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  empty   time
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator that columns of the use who can be performed .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  replace a auto_close_date of xmodule and returns a dict of all the corresponding json encoded feature .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  add   add

test:  test that pootle_path and on-disk file should add an existing file names .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that git-colas image is loaded as an abstract physical system .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   get
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test %%prun with ipython special timeit .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining a string options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a port port as the specified filepath .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return source code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  source   get
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect invalid characters .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  helper for a condition type given an attribute list .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  get   path

test:  simple wrapper around 1 .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment is inside the x segment inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  default deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  monkey-patch ssh environment indicating the ssh server has requested messages .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  indices   generate
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  return the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  undeploy   waits
truth:  return   return

test:  filters the subset of a dependency and returns the name .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if the relationship is blocked from the user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  extract the json device name from a network root text file .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  decorator to ensure that the decorated function is called from a local context .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  to   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  add a word using a agreement .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  add   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert an int enabled from a file .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   null

test:  replace all registered words in name format .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  null   locale

test:  wrapper around ostypes .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the given object has a subset of object .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  if   check

test:  get loop without length .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  loop   line
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check if the managed server is admin server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  null   one

test:  decorator for marking profiling to have first error handling .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  given   a

test:  checks whether '^var is a valid color .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  checks   search
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a single log line .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   quote
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a function for sys .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return the leading monomial of f and options .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  removes an error or flag from the list of values .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  removes   return
truth:  check   check

test:  attach response response to llvm python dictionary .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  color   pricing
truth:  attach   response

test:  test the gzip quick quick within gzip .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return context dictionary where the uri is given .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  context   try
truth:  given   a

test:  time scaling of a sound stocenv: envelope .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  reads and returns the cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   add

test:  checks the url structure for an absolute tree .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   category

test:  merges two dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  renames keystone related to task .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  backup   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  clears all registered regions .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  clears   access
truth:  tear   null

test:  get all the next nodes from node node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  writes a list of png .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   function
truth:  write   a

test:  returns cliques cliques of the chordal graph or connected cliques of g .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  binary binary links of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  returns   crossentropy
truth:  computes   binary

test:  compute constant addresses that goes at least two linear operators of each element in constant and goes through .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  give   calculate
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read worksheet .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  read   a
truth:  code   code

test:  context manager for the message .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a cells release string to an excel cell cell reference .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the path to the git repo .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   return
truth:  resets   null

test:  dipole of the dipole .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  test the text .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update a list of related objects .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  function   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  convert a dictionary of data to a charts charts .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a string for intl serialization .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  lead add form .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  edit   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a array of numpy array to numpy array with format .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  convert   equivalent
truth:  null   converter

test:  discard the configuration of the configuration .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  null   null

test:  view to allow a staff button to access to the given deployment type .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  configure   configure

test:  return the current desktop .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  does the given floating point of two individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  does   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  penn penn summary of certificates .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the inverse of the event domain .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  sum   sum

test:  is the interactive python interpreter .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   get
truth:  text   text

test:  task stop page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  imports   edit
truth:  stop   stop

test:  reports over update to do user .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   try
truth:  figure   figure

test:  like hsv .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  like   a
truth:  color   color

test:  generates a request object with the specified authentication .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  create an rpc .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  create   service
truth:  get   service

test:  check if a given user can edit the specified model name .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a normalized text string of a year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  return   get
truth:  build   build

test:  test novell when no data['completion']['shrink'] is present .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   markup
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  publicly to client requests to perform debug access over with api .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   api

test:  parses a valid container container .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  softmax of the total of the t .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  returns a list .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  returns   quote
truth:  does   null

test:  return the first element required by the other other threads .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  given two solution .
truth: two branches . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse a configuration file and return a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get an object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  get   no
truth:  return   method

test:  return x as an axis .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   x

test:  return local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  counts the source .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a multiple collections whether val is a multiple of equal to 100 .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a python manifest instance from the python manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  update   update

test:  render an entire inlines .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  render   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all of the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change permissions to gid .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  change   a
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of number .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  if needed and uris map should receive a db .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  p   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  outset   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if today is today .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  test the cifar-10 subset of the sources .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   test
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the line graph l of the graph or digraph .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the new exception that does not raise an exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  base prime .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  -   individual
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turns a string or a native string to the renderengine for shell .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  like   force
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test drawing arcs using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  drawing   test
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return the contents of given filename .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  adapt a dotted document and splits fields with the xml keys .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a new dict chosen from options .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  saves interactive mode to the current thread .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a python int value into internal representation .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  convert   mac

test:  for it .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve dict of mri subject on mri and a directory .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  retrieve   one
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  an nonce that will take a list of nonce objects .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  null   mine

test:  given a multi-index given a complex polygon and y .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an http server .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a list of arrays of the order .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  make   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  returns   power
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse a playlist header .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert an torrent folder to a torrent folder .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  import   rewrite
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  return a minimally-quoted version of s .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get the element attribute dictionary or element matrix to a matrix if it is tetragrid .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask a yes/no question value for a filename .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  based   null

test:  convert univariate polynomials in finite fields .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create slices of a subgraphs with empty n size .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  add xml to a thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  add   get
truth:  get   get

test:  resolve this bluetooth device cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  null   print
truth:  get   get

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  returns the last pem pem string in its last pem table .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  gets a metric by name from a module .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  change   change

test:  try to run a srun command .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  to   a
truth:  run   +

test:  provides mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  provides   metadata
truth:  assert   assert

test:  add cms-related output to a different format defined in test .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  coerce url to a url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  join   return
truth:  given   null

test:  write the log file to the output file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  write   summary
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  convenience function to print out an error output .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  to   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  format a date in bytes from the system timezone .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  given   a

test:  skip the test if we will run for skipping .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  if   check

test:  long legged doji .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   line
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  multiply two labeled polynomials using leading and return the result of a single polynomial .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set the string to a space-separated list of secrets codons there are any .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  set   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  helper function for the multinomial loss function .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   types
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  tries to shown an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load if sysrc executable is available .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   statistics

test:  create cmdline formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  insert individual dataset into the pipeline info .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  insert   virtual
truth:  if   null

test:  read tag data from node .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  read   read
truth:  tag   tag

test:  shorten a line .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  add   null
truth:  separate   line

test:  forces a url to the location of social route endpoints .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  input   redirect
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   test
truth:  install   a

test:  dynamically imports by a string and return a message inspect a specific object .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  returns the pubkey' to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current content of the given object .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  return the nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate best 'icinga cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  helper function to make a response via google cloud trackinfo .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  parses input from the given value .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  insert html which should be referenced in the given document in the given document .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  notes   notes

test:  import all global-level module than a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  module   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to suppress a default mode that doesnt do anything .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  skip   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  set up the tcp sensor .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return shown boolean .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  change   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read a gpio input and port .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   a

test:  a header should print it accordingly with a feature .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   step
truth:  running   background

test:  get a particular security group rule from a given instance .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if n is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch file of icon and import them to fetch .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  take   null

test:  group message inside the message if the message rather than one .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  given a course_key .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns a unicode url to be sent in the ui context .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  force   a
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the string contained in the template context and populates the template context with the given params and appends the template prefix .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  import import bootstrap executable in the file_url module .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  import   null
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  create a certificate client from the private docker client .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  create   a
truth:  open   a

test:  return hostname and determine which host is a hostname .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function to explicitly email address and return the user has been modified or none .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  function   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  given metadata about a certificate .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  given   null
truth:  load   a

test:  return a session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a synonym for backward compatibility .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  view   node
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using ascii85 .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   method

test:  a context manager that element-wise the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convenience function for httplib .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  function   text
truth:  opens   null

test:  yield a generator for all python files .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  is   -
truth:  yield   null

test:  return an host host .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   way

test:  returns the current submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  running importer on error .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over conf by dicts and values without dropping any from more complex structures and values .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  skip a test unless a condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove the colorized of paired whose th are indented in paired .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test querying testing data to false .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  write the child contents to a file .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   open
truth:  write   null

test:  registers an image driver function .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  implement all leap of an tensors tensor a list of arrays along the bottom allclose .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get a list containing limited configuration files .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attaches an instance from a disk .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  flattens   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  return the loops and the loops there is a loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   segments

test:  take a remote timestamp and returns the appropriate timestamp .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  take   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test that moto u'ami-abcd u'ami-abcd over a spot instance .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  build a dict to be used by the hypermedia_in .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  needs   a
truth:  list   muting

test:  return an desktop instance of the idle activation cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of functions given a tuple of functions .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   return

test:  calls each argument callback .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  were   null

test:  return an error link to a lower case .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   rule

test:  generate nodes in connected components of graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return information about a specified job cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  clone files via files .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clones   a

test:  create a new file with the given name and credentials .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  read   populate
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculates the softmax sum of cross-entropy .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  assumes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if data is unicode .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  checks to see whether git keywords are lagging .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  generate   check
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  use the address of an ip address to a network facts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  do   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  recursively walk a console details .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  walk   list
truth:  check   spelling

test:  add a gaussian log-likelihood of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  add   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  runs staff auth staff by id .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  release   display
truth:  logout   logout

test:  returns true if the system can bind to ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  if we have to convert shape and convert webob format .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  if   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  test the squared loss .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  for testing the previewed local account from the previewed and do if one is not found .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if node is an ass node .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  git backend should be able to install from version names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   backend
truth:  backend   backend

test:  get a client for the given tenant .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that g is a dominating edge .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  return   minimum

test:  return true if text is matches any of the given text .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a matplotlib image given a binary array .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  convert   x
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert string to single id .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  builds a certbot version string from the writes .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns a list of rep keys .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test classification report with iris .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   performance

test:  returns the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  converts like: trans endpoint to candidate endpoint in url .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  look   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and delete a specific pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  function   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  update an email .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  verify that log/print have the same fasta scores according to qual scores .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  verify   sequences
truth:  tests   tests

test:  accept headers .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  accept   authentication
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save a string to the filename .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  save   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  format cell columns to be displayed in time series .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  format   a
truth:  print   print

test:  given a valid integer and the result of the client .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a feature to a dict .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  convert   a

test:  split a tree in a list of maximum maximum comparison .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  split   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double double double double double double target .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  get a route table for the given route table and stage .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  get environment overrides from continuously .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   validate
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of the names of the / virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  list   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  save all error variables for the error type .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   status

test:  make a copy of requirements and store it to use .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  make   context
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new curated 2011 2011 and save .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test profiling passing a question .
truth: test question . 
test:  represent   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a response body that enables credentials and pass it .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  serializes the settings for picking .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  settings   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  given a package .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  make   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs hug type successfully handles basic values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load data .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   data
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a tuple .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  this function finds all tables in models .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  function   a
truth:  make   null

test:  download all latest access document for jobs currently inside a job .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to require a task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   elements
truth:  join   join

test:  returns a date suitable for markdown .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a message on instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the http environ name for the given wsgi environment .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns true if a vm is x_0 and returns the local ip ranges .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  if   script
truth:  vms   vms

test:  returns local edge connectivity of nodes connectivity and shortest arguments .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a new bootstrap connection object .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  initialize   return
truth:  function   function

test:  get trees clades for a trees .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  get   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print a warning print with given ansi color .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  list all user against an account .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  list   export
truth:  updates   updates

test:  the the the .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  null   result
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics on mac address cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all the one-line and filesize of error handling .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  remove   compatibility
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the inverse lookup voor boolean boolean boolean has a single model .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if xfs is a dump .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if idle is enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return shared variable of the given vector .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  value   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic cuda variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot a system system at_time the system before the system will be reboot before the system .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  issues   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  the restful handler valid html caching .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a mysql database or just a mysql server cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return full pathname to be performed by the python build .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the draft corresponding to the given queryset .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  gets info about the given node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar and positives .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   copy
truth:  add   collar

test:  return binomial of indices of n from n and runtime-specific .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  return   alternative
truth:  replace   replace

test:  exponential exponential autocorrelation theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  null   *
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  return the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm if true key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example:
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lookup   info

test:  returns a string of the form of a linux distribution .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  commit commit its pdf pattern .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  commit   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  uploads a list of model objects and volume files .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function finds the closest value to the given value .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  function   filter
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  context variables required by apps that use with http enabled .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   context

test:  split the folder path into folder .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  split   filename
truth:  if   check

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  copy a function or method with a decorator for methods specified by the decorated function call to extract the return a decorator call .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  do   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  patch a site .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  run   a

test:  test that account handler can present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  pull event queued .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  null   test
truth:  be   null

test:  attempts to get an field from a certificate given a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  test   attempts
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  if adding date has 1900 .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password exists .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  dummy function for the sample space conversion and returns a word .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  sample   num

test:  delete a datastore from the specified object .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  t-ev model of task .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  null   try
truth:  model   model

test:  test for get word from c++ file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrade   upgrades
truth:  run   a

test:  reset ckans state .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  clears   null

test:  test that the base redirect to function works as expected .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  query helper function used to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  is   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the use of multiproduct units in g .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  commit the commit from mercurial repository hash .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  commit   null
truth:  short   get

test:  performs the nudge filter on an undirected array .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  performs   arrays
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  to be fieldsuser .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  null   country
truth:  starting   starting

test:  the h: function for the linear gaussian mu and returns it .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  generates   a

test:  list all students certificates in a course if courses is selected .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unicode obj for objects .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  parses a time-span string from an empty dict .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a string of type .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  return a row from a dict .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  retrieve the key from the bars push it to the bars push .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  calculates the exponential .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set discussions and configure discussions for a given course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  set   function
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  commit riak .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  decide   a
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  a generator that asserts that an object does not raise a list .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  object   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load a csv dataset .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   csv

test:  return the checksum of a given string and a version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a graphics' document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test for a non-existing mask[ .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  check   test
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test question which is not accepted .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  question   question
truth:  test   test

test:  helper for plural or list of items in a return structure .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  object   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  transform   transform

test:  move a reasonable matrix to a file matrix .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   output
truth:  make   a

test:  send environment enough for all service .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  set   null
truth:  function   function

test:  move a default options vector from expression migrations .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  seq   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  make sure the directories of path exists and make sure the directories in the directories directories .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a gradient from the specified css .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   gradient
truth:  create   a

test:  get transformed path from key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to get the submitted files and submitted submitted .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  to   return
truth:  if   current

test:  the collectors loop before deleting a the collectors loop has been created .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  alternative activation function .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  do   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  fetch the user info based on the given user and the info .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve and page_permissions and page_permissions within the same number .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  test simple bar with a simple axis .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  test   tuple
truth:  null   bar

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   returns
truth:  forces   a

test:  transform an image in list .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  index   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  compute md5 hash of string m .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  using   encoder

test:  helper to create a salt:// function .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user has check rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return the locales dict where the locales for the specified key .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  get   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume id from an ec2 volume .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   get
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns internal cache object .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test git help .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position all or specified cover tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  compute size of a fits file .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write amf bytes to standard error stream .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  write   summary
truth:  writes   null

test:  given a collection of metadata- .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  given   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  rename a user .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   change

test:  source: output return output from url .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  null   query
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an iterator of all pending entries of each type .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the template for the given context and renders it .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if an existing user/group exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return an element of a multivariate polynomial in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  return   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  print a random chance for all albums .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  print   a
truth:  select   null

test:  if the original cifar10 lecun and the dataset is lecun .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   load

test:  estimate the fiedler graph using an undirected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  estimate   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  update the correctness in a volume by adding its patch_file in the form .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  update   validates
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an context of a given flask application download .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns true if the given string is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load an instance from the concat folder .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  load   data
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the directory path for the file system .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the relative likelihood estimator for a list of izip .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check if version is installed and is at least min_version .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  shuffle the attributes of the input n and standard deviation of the expected number .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  simulate   function
truth:  mutate   null

test:  group command line options .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  bench   view
truth:  null   script

test:  convert worksheet strings to a user-defined string .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   load
truth:  convert   a

test:  make sure that t is in numeric .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  return c string like: standard error .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  default users handler .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  extracts all labels from the given source mode .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  label   label

test:  write a string tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method for sorting a number in the possible app_label .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  wrapper to the .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  to   a
truth:  merge   directory

test:  regexp help group .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates the url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  for cpython the following gamma function .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  compute a list of attributes that should be found in the model class .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  add   add

test:  assign s3 records to a group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of f and zero in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  computes   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  represent value converter for assertionerror .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  value   a
truth:  format   playlist

test:  tests whether a certificate has a certificate extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  custom decorator that libraries are used with a title of a job .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield all items in an iterable collection that are unique .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  return   return

test:  hash the given password with the provided ldap and hash .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  hash   a

test:  the qurl_from_user_input representation for caching .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  null   decorator

test:  log an option with a logical option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   null
truth:  log   log

test:  return the characters of key by shifting the characters given by the characters of key .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  shift   shift

test:  add two addresses to the cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  calls   updates
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  return whether the vendor object is within an interface .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   network

test:  saves a specific data stream .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  imports   data

test:  takes a function and returns a docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  return bvals matrix by msg_id .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  insert   identity

test:  start all *pyc recursively from the current directory .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  start   null
truth:  loads   everything

test:  loads auth auth auth provider authentication .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a main main entry from context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise an return tensor .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   work
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  view   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make the results of a sample .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a dictionary of active options .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert string to int or int .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  insert a docker schema from files to a file .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test for issue function/method .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a header that is the compressed that need to be included in normally .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   return
truth:  add   character

test:  called when we have to remove database .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   home
truth:  called   null

test:  create declarative class by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr to convert to type .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  get the effective for the date_time .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a agents view .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   hint

test:  get tox environment from tox or environment variable .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   directory
truth:  get   get

test:  given some syntax .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  set   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieve a list of networks associated with a single tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  updates the noisy returned by rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  updates   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  returns formatted flags .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   current

test:  test that mapnode passed as expected - if tuple was not available .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  test   function
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   assert
truth:  get   get

test:  apply derivative of the logistic degrees of 0-1 .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  get   function
truth:  apply   apply

test:  a 307 implementation .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  enter   a

test:  update configuration files .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  indicates if python documentation is currently installed .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  set   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test for issue rollback .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  dump all node nodes .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  dump   connections

test:  creates edit instance with specified instance and stores it .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a sorted list of unique elements in l .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  determine if the line is inside the given split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file for a more quickly analysis .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   return
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  generate art information for specified path .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  generate   clone
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  like |safe but for testing the autocorrelation of the model .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   reduction

test:  send get message fields and logging .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  get   up
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  recursively merge a dictionary by variance-covariance the items of a single dict .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the hardware device with a new hardware device .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  get the session['config'] reference from the original session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor polynomials by x**n .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot all hosts in the given host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  reboot   reboot
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  removes a user from the given lti username and edx it .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   search
truth:  null   conversion

test:  time a time .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  retry   decorator
truth:  null   timeit

test:  if we hit hit b .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  if   expressions
truth:  change   change

test:  needs and error state is fully configured .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get view profile .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  get   view
truth:  returns   a

test:  is it a applescript file and return an ipython string .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   check

test:  given a lambda function .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks a list of local deprecation deprecation graph .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  checks   set
truth:  return   return

test:  return the storage router dict for the provided router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   validate

test:  reconstruct bgps loop .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  rewrite   up
truth:  returns   new

test:  get sum of the state creation and the state specified by the json serialization .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  get   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  returns a specific python implementation .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the specified header chunks with length specified .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a string to append to the locale indexes .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  laplace laplace of an error .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   laplace

test:  check for saltenv extensions by the comparing dots .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  command   function
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  send an email to a remote server .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  formats the attributes loaders in the pygments page .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   return

test:  allows you to specify an attribute ids .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  create a machinectl pull-raw to download a docker image and return the result of the given image url .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  create   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return 32 bit list for 32bit bit .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a bash value to log .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert datetime naive .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return url for a gravatar .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  url   url
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information of samples from gaussian kde with respect to kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   density
truth:  null   information

test:  creates a script structure for your event function in an event function .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  if   null

test:  convert decimal values to ascii string .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import all {u'dt' .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   custom
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks that most common characters in header .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return integer code of an error message .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  return   try
truth:  null   utility

test:  generate documentation on a function in salt alias .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  update   null
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that represent test methods returns a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set up log message to given stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   null

test:  encode the name of edge-based into old-style .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a public *host* url for the given app .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the specified kernel is absent on the system and parent_is_init .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  remove leading tab whitespace .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  whitespace   null
truth:  return   a

test:  accept the body returned by json code plugin .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  fake   waits
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  return an appropriate error string .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  checks log configuration settings .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function that reads all the otu members .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  input   list
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get a dict with only the tests params .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   parameters

test:  accepts a widget and returns the silent form for a django widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  add   a

test:  inject the parsed form 'document' .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders located in a specific task in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   string
truth:  list   list

test:  uptime this function takes a uptime call .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  ignore   compute
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  invoke a remote method invocation with no cast .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  msg   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  updates a valid firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  provides the configuration of the device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commit   returns
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific vlan .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  sport --> a package from sleep .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  report   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a argument to a map of unhandled member .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  construct   function
truth:  null   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  default   default

test:  parse "legacy" password from ftp or local font .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts hsv tuple scale to hsv scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  recursively return an argumentparser within the provided value within the provided custom myminion class .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all time in a list of time .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the maximum of samples that differ .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the pecl module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  configure the esxcli for an esxcli or list from the host .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  null   instances
truth:  set   set

test:  parses a pdb file in pdb header into a list of pdb definitions .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rewrite an exception for a string .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  rewrite   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  build a ignored file in ignored files .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  run   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for cli args to cause a default index .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the specified service cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  check if logger is enabled .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  creates a read-only property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  save the job for all jobs .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  save   null
truth:  store   store

test:  write a skype message .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  load   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  given a path we will find files from the given glob directory that matches directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to modify any caches in the task :return: serialized caches of a specific version .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  to   null
truth:  clear   database

test:  fetches a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  get   a

test:  computes polynomial terms of f and gcd from k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  handle   return
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  load a byte string from a byte string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  returns primers for this primers .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  extracts   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  log the normal pdf evaluated at *x*; args provides *mu* .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes the configuration from the db .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  moves   asset
truth:  performs   a

test:  register c{zope function for registering a sheet1!a1:b1 engine .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  helper function for test tests .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   script

test:  return the data for the given class .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  extract   null

test:  get the list of objects associated with a given object .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  get   a
truth:  infer   infer

test:  checks if file exists in the list of packages .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  find   find

test:  compiler factory for the _compiler .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  a func to get expired email addresses that do not install them .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test the info method .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  runs the process after each test suite .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  runs   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  parse a low-level component of a component descriptors .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  throws : token | name | best | boolconstant | plusequal base .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   output
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a set of flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  if   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  return dictionary of subgraph components of g in context-specific format .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  dictionary   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  apply a process and a child process of a shared process .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of versions for the given list of versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that rsa is in reverse to be logged by distribute .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert timestamp to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  helper to filter hook .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  to   function
truth:  filter   filter

test:  remove a port available on a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  restore postgres environment variables from the given package .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  check that pgcli is not a valid expected_paths we dont use it with a transitively which runs the format .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save a registry dictionary into a file .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  formats the step size and type lens and returns a autocorrelation of lens .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  formats   add
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders 404 page .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  is   try
truth:  print   a

test:  convert a numpy rgb string to rgb and rgb fractions fractions .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  convert   subgraph
truth:  creates   a

test:  detect signals from all new variables .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   registration
truth:  uses   uses

test:  check if an archive file is a considered archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given an action .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   background

test:  takes https html documents and returns a list of https documents .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  transform   transform

test:  registers a pack pack dictionary into an pack pack directory .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  track   up
truth:  setup   python

test:  print an error message to stdout .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  print   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using all instances using the prefetcher .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate a diagrams word .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of triggers that pertain to maintain a task in the task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  log certificate information about students with a course .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  log   view
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   state
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  get the shortest server list of rules .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of constraints .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  select   null
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  split string in pickling .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  split   string
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  find unit_1 in js .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   category

test:  test that encoder .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the provided file object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all the data set .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  determine   intersections
truth:  clear   null

test:  diff of strings; texts to a file .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  diff   diff
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  start   check
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  repack a local document put it to error end .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove files in path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure that the given game is present with the given configuration and name the given configuration on the given server .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  perform the received email .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  is   null

test:  check whether a vm has been added; .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   snapshot
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of arguments .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  wraps a key/value pair in the database .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempts to get the data and choose which data is found .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  access   access
truth:  access   access

test:  get the value of a single key .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  settings   settings

test:  given a valid data in params .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  given   inverse
truth:  merge   merge

test:  given a string object .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   anything

test:  a tag that uses tag .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  splits   image

test:  get a password digest using password .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   checksum
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate private ips .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  tests whether a given dict is a dict of :class:linebuilder tuples of a dict .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  check if file descriptor is write to the spyder executable .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  if   a
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the key string meant to the entity key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  download cache[indexer into cache .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper for checking for course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  null   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the number of randomly in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  return   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  given a specific host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replaces all information in a particular acid .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  close   return
truth:  to   try

test:  check for views .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  populate   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a belongs to the nearest color .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify 'fourth'super .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  returns if closest after a pair .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a string and determine the values of a key .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  format   format

test:  subroutine that given image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  preprocesses   image
truth:  resize   images

test:  returns a formatted timestamp from iso 8601 .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks that information behaves like transaction .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  exception   exception

test:  return a specific test databases .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determines if a certain app name is valid .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  read   list
truth:  divide   null

test:  given an event status .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  null   send
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  get sorted one were ascii string into a packet packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  sends a call to the api request .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   return
truth:  sends   a

test:  returns an views that matches the given xblock .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  returns   success
truth:  render   render

test:  extract a message ekey using encryption ekey ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rayleigh distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  certificates controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the line from the line .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that returns the result of a particular pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  check if the given benchmark score has been benchmark .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  if   m
truth:  to   method

test:  check if version is installed .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  get the index of the current axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   method

test:  return an iterable of options from the same option as this should be read from option names .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  retrieves   options
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  updates critical circular logs .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  grain for the file system .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of files which no longer than the prefix have a given path .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  null   path
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  check whether the connection type has the ]db 1 .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  return   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  update lambda function alias .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a new variable whose gradient will be none or a constant .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  use   use

test:  get maximum with each component the maximum of the respective components of the respective components of maximum .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract a filename to a directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  return a new path .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a display names by the given unit name .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a larger list from the test case .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  make   a
truth:  given   null

test:  parse authentication enhancement .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  display   display

test:  decides whether the given maximal matching a maximal set of values .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with dbms for all characters from dbms requirement: * mssql tested against: * mssql * mysql notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  replaces   space

test:  given a wsgi application object and a compiled storage class object .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  return   run
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   runs
truth:  create   authors

test:  return the given decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  check whether we are running in the mean .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  check   convert
truth:  runs   runs

test:  given a point of a point in a given infinite range of words .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  null   null
truth:  order   order

test:  initialize the given function like the argument .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  function   null
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert nested time to tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  in-place the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  given   in
truth:  store   store

test:  train a network model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  null   a
truth:  train   a

test:  launch a file .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  upload   return
truth:  return   a

test:  write file to external .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  file   function
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for everything group .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   grain

test:  checks whether x is an array .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a file that referenced by tests and delete the result .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  makes   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get first filter from uwsgi table .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  owned   tickets
truth:  null   null

test:  run test cases and produce indices .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  test   test
truth:  perform   a

test:  convert a bytearray function into a bytearray .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  to   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return a list of 5-item names from name texts .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  return   up
truth:  named   find

test:  returns true if a message signature is unique .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  send handler off file: translation and outputs customer .
truth: update request . 
test:  signal   attribute
truth:  request   request

test:  returns the weblate version number .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  link   a
truth:  url   url

test:  discard cache entries that are out of fullname .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   iterator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a posix issue string .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  direct direct array to the biggest matrix .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  starts   type
truth:  permutes   null

test:  filter cookies from a key/value dictionary in cookielib jar .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a string data to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   runs
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a module containing the first valid colormaps in module set .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  get   a

test:  update an existing search can be deleted can handle a new viewer .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  raise skiptest if a config is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  converts bad characters to a string .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  slugify   a
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  event changes to user preferences .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if *obj* is a iterable .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validates if the given snapshot is true .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  if   actions
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return x no detrending .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  return   window
truth:  null   window

test:  return the leading item of f .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  return   a
truth:  float   float

test:  return the dict of keys in the table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  information about an arbitrary token .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  to   information
truth:  null   information

test:  regression test for write-permissions ensures that pyqt works .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group group group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  probability simple endian function .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  requests   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log message on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some command line calls for the datastore .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  get a list of axes for the given axis .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  block   a
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  wrapper around pidfile .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders the template with the django found in the django .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  rendered   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  gets the binomial logic of gamma .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  list all modules under the opts['root'] directory .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  list   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  an event attribute for functional test data .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cache   tip

test:  get preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  uninstall the application folder for the application folder .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  downloads   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the css data passed in data .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  callbacks on callbacks .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  read input table with data values .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   table
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the network cost of two nodes .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a binary string to an ip number as a long integer .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  make the string period .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  make   a
truth:  append   a

test:  split a list into array in the list .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes all svn requests commits in the google code repository .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  validate database .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  validate   counts
truth:  takes   a

test:  remove unique elements .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  matches each input string .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  choose a facts dict .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  reset   cleanup
truth:  apply   provider

test:  set whether set_term_title for vera .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  mixed   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move to another port .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  to   replace
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --local flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  for specified module type type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get a list of locales according to the locale .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  get   locale
truth:  null   null

test:  only load if the pecl module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add a new notification of the display category .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return radians .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  convert   equation
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a dictionary that is a dict with keys from d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  return   get
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from an echo nest track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get complex by prefix and xml element .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   print
truth:  get   get

test:  get and sets all indexes associated with a given name .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  get   up
truth:  null   method

test:  test using a reference placeholder implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  returns two :jenkins-wiki:release of the same length as and that do not exceed because they appear .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   works
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the xml for a calculate_changes xml .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   helper
truth:  define   a

test:  compute persist dataframe representing categories .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  compute   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision revision for a given constraints .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string of 2 random bytes from range .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if original version is under pascalcase .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   version

test:  return the string keys for a given hash of the message keys .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  get   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  return the group of oo if no oo is present in the factorization .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  create   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  back-end method to select a first instance from the hive map .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  null   method
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the linear distance between two vectors .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the minions public key fingerprint hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint cli example: .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a terminal color by sys_code some time .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  wrap potentially enforce to given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  compare   value1
truth:  value   value

test:  send an email to a recipient .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  play original .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if this object is true .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  if   integer
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see that ast has valid .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   plural

test:  list json devices in the specified store .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   get

test:  register *cls* for options and return a valid excel excel file .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   a
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   method
truth:  required   method

test:  decorates a package and return a contextmanager for it .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  load   null
truth:  send   notifications

test:  helper function used for decoding a epsv certificate .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  run   method
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of the state when passed a state .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  restores   null

test:  create a gcode file .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  get   up
truth:  build   a

test:  process a remote ssh to the given port .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  process   process
truth:  null   null

test:  lookup data to a connectionconfig page with the given name .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait until *fileno* has ready to return a new call .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  create   a
truth:  block   block

test:  get inside inside the inside the console and fill the autocorrelation to inside the documentation read more by outside the loop .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  pressing   get
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  list all reply in our reply .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  list   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  return a list of all paths in the system .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  call this request and returns whether it is allowed to perform a best object .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host using this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decode crypto value from base64 .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  build   build

test:  parse the given options for options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if number is a number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   sequence

test:  generate all the directory of sff files in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  the version of capital .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  null   null
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates an interval of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  list optional output of iterable entry in an iterable .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get a date/time string from a datetime and returns it .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pushes backend should be ignored .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  to   push

test:  return a file suffix that contains a file .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the z score along an axis .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a list of user partition info for the specified course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  entry point for executable .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  if   validation
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves an order linear order linear differential equation with 1st coefficients using the method .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   return
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  add a pil to the pairwise_kernels .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  add   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  invalidate cache for the page .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album by name .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  search   search

test:  check if id is a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  set the password in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   information
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove a path .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the raw *individual* .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  count   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  this should load a check from the python check .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  null   check
truth:  find   a

test:  copies a private tool filename to the result of the container .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copies   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return a variable by performing a block distribution .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  update   update

test:  create the cache directory .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  can view that require a user or target .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a list of media files in the resource .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  embed   media

test:  reload document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  document   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  handles the redirect to the given backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  catch any rule in a directory .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  catch   null
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  attr_gt   locattr
truth:  null   null

test:  test that annotations are present in certificaterequest warning .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the ca certificate .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  raise valueerror if the given iterator is readable .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  update command .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a value to int .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  does   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clear all edummy cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a date/time header and returns a datetime object .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  input validation function .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   a
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parse a dict field string -> dict of a list .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  remove a check from the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  removes   a

test:  parses c to match .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  execute command .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  '//page[not feature view .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   page

test:  returns the list of all defined tensorflow .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a postgres role cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a simple helper function used to get data in handy notation .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  to   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  return the ip address of a particular socket .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for adding cookies to gone .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return the current alternate setting of the configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reduce dictionary by triangular buffers .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax channel api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pootle no backends .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  based   setting
truth:  load   tm

test:  bem linear solution sizes .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  point   up
truth:  create   a

test:  return valid output of a win32 array .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  null   image
truth:  takes   null

test:  return attributes of html_to_text and type .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  accept categories for a given rule .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  output   null
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  compare a block at the current block .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model stochastic .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a multiplier key from its unique name or its memory key .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   try

test:  list credentials according to the given account cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  numpy implementation of gaussian unit :math:varphi(x) = ? parameters x : float32 the output of which to numpy array with processed in [1]_ .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   implementation

test:  uninstall a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns a tree spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  issue a hash .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns a node value from a node list .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  create a new instance in the pants config file .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  creates a fake suspicious date in the customer topic .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a stream factory function from an endpoint description object .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update a node .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   portage

test:  return true if state meets the state given the given state instance .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all iam token associated with details cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make yaml data for the migration instance .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  make   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the entire number of inventorylist for variable:: use in tests .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  convenience function to do basic messages .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  error   parameters
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  dummy function for doctesting autoroutes .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  function   create
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify utc time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense np array into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge file pattern from a list of files .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  files   files

test:  print native string a tree .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  display   null
truth:  print   tree

test:  safely clear all estimated cache files in an faile cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure we can complete to tab after ident .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  is   null

test:  only work on utilsutilitycouldnotbeloaded with debian .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  this function is called .
truth: test program . 
test:  function   test
truth:  test   program

test:  start or sockaddr_in6 a reboot execution .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  start   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  install a file descriptor for a given period .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   signal
truth:  install   a

test:  parse a phyloxml .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  if a candidate albuminfo object making a candidate albuminfo with the run information .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular platonic petersen petersen petersen filter .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize url .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  initialize   remove
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with the graph g .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  convert a float to a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  prints the version number of v in the same package .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  prints   return
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  formats a last-modified span string from a passed pair .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  encode some unicode string using the given text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix confirmation orders can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 x10 validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   doctest
truth:  test   x10

test:  get the objects that need to be import .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   create

test:  entry point for utils .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return path for windows .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  derive   ini

test:  library for serialization which need to be read from a plugin via the corresponding method .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  null   register
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  the appropriate function by parsing .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a valid #1 path string -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  relative strength index .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  null   null
truth:  value   value

test:  initialize the state of the backend .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  parses a date string .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  encode string to a python version .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  string   a
truth:  encode   data

test:  test case of a test suite .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  loads   null

test:  attempt to verify a setting has a keyword entry .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  to   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test if task result yields changed from a list of items .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  invert a graph to a list of classes .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  null   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  remove any installed names from the post .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns true if the given file and y is valid based on the according to: values .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  returns   -
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the given options .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   step
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return fractional in form .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  return   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test that a url without importing no threading in a google file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   null

test:  missing limits docs list .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  -   list
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on all instances of a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert percentage of words .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a digest digest of the given password and password .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this is a salt ip address to linode instance storage file name .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  is   try
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a single response .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a configured value for the given file .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a triangle foreign namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads a router router for a router image .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  returns an :class: .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or ignored .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  list machines utf-8 .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  choose   implements
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate and 3d exponential using a batch .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  batch   state
truth:  null   loss

test:  returns a string representing the version of salt cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  report   report

test:  create a regex .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return a string .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pad   pad

test:  set up demarta params given by course_key inside a pointer .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  set   a
truth:  create   new

test:  alias for comparing .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  load json file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  to   helper

test:  insert value in the document .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  avoid   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  create a total state where the given cell state is currently matches .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  create   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  create a subjects backend from network_id .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   set

test:  data type check for pandas or dataframe parameters x : dataframe or dataframe or dataframe data .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  basic badorderparameters configured .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  breaks   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  when cloning a sanity .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   files
truth:  require   null

test:  convert a field value to human readable order .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse % component .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  turn a given type into a tuple .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  attach email info .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   email
truth:  send   send

test:  check to see if the error is installed .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  to   error
truth:  throw   null

test:  remove all variables that match the given {}new .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  get an encoded image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  inject url by a remote host into a yaml file .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  retrieve the most recent protocol filter that is available by the version of c* running .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  is   null

test:  finds path in filename .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  takes   build
truth:  builds   null

test:  run the test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  run   null
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  create an lpar object .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the addresses of ip addresses that was before described in .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load config parsed from storage .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  config   new
truth:  read   user

test:  produce the regular expression tree in the tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  inverts   a

test:  decode unicode uuid from a string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  passed   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  sets the vhost for a users .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error for the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  signal on new comment by blanking its contents .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  deletes   translation
truth:  stores   a

test:  for a project .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  null   function
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the number of user names .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function to ensure that base64 encoded string is valid .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  st := uploaded .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   effects

test:  helper to barcodes from barcodes this tries to run the description of a running event loop which have sent should be reported .
truth: gets header . 
test:  null   null
truth:  header   header

test:  returns the current context name .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  build a dictionary of tasks .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   message

test:  a higher helper for call subtree .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  server   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  get the lists of zone/project/id to the repository repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert object into an object .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  string   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  confine this module to rhel/fedora systems with riak installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  confine   load
truth:  works   works

test:  generate a list of length imp .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  validate that the string can be escaped .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  validate   alpha
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  create a new document object in gl files .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  document   attributes
truth:  cancel   null

test:  call debug class that the given llvm class .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test if __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all attachment for a given attachment record .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a string to a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the directories which are not the main files .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   read
truth:  get   get

test:  return the token token using the specified tenant .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  function used in eq returning an explicit ancillary output .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  used   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  formats a package using the hex address .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  formats   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kludge a content to the content of progress .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  kludge   null
truth:  content   content

test:  parses a string like 5 delimited format names into a dictionary .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parses   function
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get figure managers .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  write   new
truth:  set   set

test:  write fbater need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/rg_convert_lped_fped .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  write   need
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the amazon 'awslambda' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete exploration summary of an exploration .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  release   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  if   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  remove an index from the device .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  remove   wrap
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all available package upgrades with opkg to latest packages cli example: .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  like web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  like   method
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute command in channel .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  get the list of inline tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  show   report
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object in a namespace .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  will return true .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  null   strips
truth:  return   return

test:  test chart secondary .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get an asset result that can be filled with name and name .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test python python package installation .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   python

test:  join join to the 'testplan file .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the url of the follow view for a particular actor instance <a href="{% follow_url other_user %}"> {% if request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies cypher using key and newline .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  want   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  converts the union of a callable .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  converts   set
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  add to the provided site .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  to   return
truth:  add   a

test:  update the specified fields as a dictionary .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  update   pair
truth:  used   null

test:  return clip .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table of the feature is longer than the remaining number of comments .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  guess the type for the type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  guess   return
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns date as follows: if inbound is passed .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  handle must be returned by removing all states .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  handle   return
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets image variables based on a channel image and update with a dict of image names .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  sets   adjust
truth:  update   update

test:  retrieves the named service .
truth: internal function . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  transform iri to seconds .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test line labels with same axis labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get nodes having the children children of responder as a dict .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  get   method
truth:  return   a

test:  return the environment dict suitable for scrapy .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  return   list
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  filter for an oauth2 authentication token .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  generator to return a window .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   split
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a binary .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  filter a line ending with open in output .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  reads   files
truth:  read   in

test:  set unread called by enforce() or utc .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   strip
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if data is exclusively .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  return   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  if exc_info is given the sphere result of scrapy units .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of key/value fields in the table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function is very dns encoding and is checksum to this function is because you are inside the ip address but returns its pcap code and is of the ip
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  calculate   ip
truth:  construct   null

test:  get the specified computer .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  unpauses   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  packs samplemat .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  make   a

test:  the completeness completeness .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest tests .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  checks   create
truth:  create   create

test:  search for keys .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  create   check
truth:  given   a

test:  start a suitable url for both a file and import its open url .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  start   a
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  writes the target list .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  writes   script
truth:  based   demo

test:  a function that returns a httpresponse object from the request .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dictionary of all of the files formatted as: return a dictionary of features cli example: .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  tests that the softmax layer can be consistent .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the existing instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the list of the named vm(s) .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply two elements of gf .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also not cause any errors will not cause again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   null
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  return a xbm copy of the given string .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  return   number
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  interval in waffled process_view .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a formatted root directory .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   generator

test:  create read-only folders in tests .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a function and a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  given   render
truth:  returns   a

test:  for a to b .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  cross   cross

test:  get trunk port .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  translates   callback
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  test for classifier classification .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  test   test
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the target given is valid for being a valid target string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  computes deviation for the distance along a polygonal curve in array .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  indices   tests
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a binding dictionary .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  evaluate   search
truth:  compare   a

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a client cli examples: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   up

test:  download tv tv file from geonode .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test if an gradient argument is gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a method to be a valid attr .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to skip test if package is installed .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  permanently delete users tweets were made .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  initializes   symbols
truth:  null   handler

test:  limit exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to limit it .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   shorthand
truth:  exception   exception

test:  flag calling the configuration file to determine if a default cli prompt .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return true if path is a particular choice path .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  helper method to unpack the current model and cache the cache .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  service : extends field_type identifier = const_value | service identifier .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   service

test:  write a path from a zip file .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  write   null
truth:  null   a

test:  writes the contents of a xml file to the specified xml 'track' dict .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  writes   entry
truth:  send   send

test:  retrieve a users profile based on the account username and profile username if none exists .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload images or videos from request .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  check   view
truth:  upload   upload

test:  return the unicode string corresponding to the given text .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns copy of the words in seq1 .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  cache   searches
truth:  split   sequence

test:  this press a user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  simulates   user
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing extra version metadata parsed from geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  does   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create the access token from the access token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  token   filter
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  serie   test
truth:  serie   test

test:  a view to output a csv file - called from the view to process the output file system .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate an unique key key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any empty files from the path .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  return an example resource type .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  predicate function to handle specified for the given np .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  mimic   null
truth:  format   format

test:  computes the closing bracket links .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the name of the module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  assemble   a

test:  return the memory value represented by the ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  what simple sanity check from restore a list of tuples .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a remote server .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  generates   notification
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  returns the candidate .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a phyloxml graph from yaml .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  return available images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a human-readable transparent specification .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  returns   strip
truth:  get   get

test:  most popular add-ons should be nondestructivedef .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a graph that splits a graph of subgraph indices .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  find   a

test:  returns those elements of a sequence .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  slice   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of doc docstrings .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get collection from collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert the given string to its closure form .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  format a timestamp for locale .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  format   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a chance routine with the given name from the specified python code .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  source   source

test:  read a product of x and returns a product matrix .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  split a list of index by the desired filename .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  splits   null

test:  get the date of a specific volume_type date .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  get   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns the distance of the ratio loss .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  null   gradient

test:  runs lint in the decrypt directory .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  command   example
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  same as s*i .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  null   hex
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function base64 decode and make json serializable .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  ascii   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return the given entities .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  return a numpy color from a specific color .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  return   a
truth:  color   color

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  helper for adding symbolic extensions into a sources .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  null   source
truth:  extracts   null

test:  given a possible transform .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  test if the file is an written file .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if n is an degree of g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  return   iterator
truth:  determines   null

test:  test that the theano function is editors this test .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a filename .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of requirements components given a requirements .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read the entire text file and return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call the synopsis layout .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  call   display
truth:  make   a

test:  a limit modified handler around djangos projects .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  null   event
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a custom metric .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  creates   custom
truth:  create   metric

test:  a helper function to send server .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  update the username .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  update   null
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  test disjoint and disjoint w .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  test   date
truth:  null   null

test:  set the point and check if the meta font .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a simple way to handle associations from httpd .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  formats a territory separator for the language code separator .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  make   null

test:  migrate dry private auth .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  store   null
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  get a dictionary of tasks currently has been accepted/rejected .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  change the locale for a given table .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  change   null
truth:  structured   null

test:  list details of an parameter - used by s3optionsfilter .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  view   show
truth:  null   controller

test:  signal waiting via python .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  string   try
truth:  executes   null

test:  get data for oauth token .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  to   get
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   setcookiesfromurl
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  new exception use repr() instead .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  return a program types which will be program or all the types for the given user .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   program
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a cpp define a subquery object with its whitespace .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: monitor-folders check files with build steps .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a list of indexes .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  record   elements
truth:  packs   null

test:  search for a html .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  create   calls
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a word with the given lexical form and 'noun' .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  given a graph module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  imports   find
truth:  load   extension

test:  helper method to recursively determine if a dictionary contains a single dictionary parameters d: : the location of the key in python dictionary contains a single entry in order to
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a tenant environment instance using both tenant and its type .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   a
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate the json ids found in textual files .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  a tree is common to a tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  split   return
truth:  function   function

test:  create a signal of epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  create   epochs
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  generate a update for a hex .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  post the device status .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get instance specs .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create undefined logger from a step .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  if   null
truth:  print   snippets

test:  return the first contributors element in the given node .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  return   null
truth:  serialize   a

test:  sorts duplicate elements of a sorted list .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compute an array or csc x along the x-axis .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  used for marking the intercept .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  used   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  steps a crt house test .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  look   up

test:  hash keys .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  hash   keys
truth:  cache   cache

test:  use the network to connect to a network device .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  initialize a file .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  initialize   return
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml information for a given provider .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  return the shape of the minimums distribution .
truth: like rand . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  extracts integer description for a qt list of return description .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  returns first and requirement: of a proportion .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  print the message to the log file .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  output   log
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return an iterator to the indented stream if the stream is true .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a new assertion method .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  preprocess a widget by name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  backup   null
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert the translations representing the translations and return a plural url for the fallback .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  content   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get context type for a trace .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  context   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a tuple for get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  processes -> list arguments: auth_token : process of all removed .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  export the given course to a course .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  export   a
truth:  map   map

test:  do a string .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  parses   string
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to extract the external port from external port .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  given an results of interface .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  build   a
truth:  add   route

test:  adds multiple used in a single dimension and assign it to the given generators .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  the purpose of this object is the keys that do not have any of the given type in the setting process elementnode .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  list   a
truth:  take   null

test:  wait until an instance has been public successfully .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  check if value is valid .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  if   position
truth:  check   check

test:  get context parameters context : string the activation .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  configured   log
truth:  set   set

test:  render a form **tag name**:: bootstrap_button **parameters**: form the form field to be rendered layout if set to horizontal then the form field will be rendered side-by-side side-by-side .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   null
truth:  form   form

test:  dump all environment variables .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  update tetragrid tetragrid by dictionary .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  update   add
truth:  add   path

test:  convert a unix epoch timestamp to the unix epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator for a inline changes .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  return   method

test:  filter out unknown options that are not valid .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  filter   search
truth:  search   search

test:  load a given file according to json aware .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   a

test:  return an user from the given request .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if gzip is open in the given locale .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   contents
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  returns json serialized json string .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  null   json

test:  return a string representation of a cookie string .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and read the data .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   generate
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if a file is an selinux pattern .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  function that does nothing but supports the requirements removed .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  template   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return an :class: .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  allow   path
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no padding .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  retrieves the configuration value .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  define a single dimensions in bytes .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  retrieves   function
truth:  call   a

test:  return the user definitions from the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show a notification notification .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   notification

test:  parse any optional timestamp information from the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an xml message from a cookiecutter group to static files .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html codes .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   html

test:  get current point within a segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generates ryu separated by notifier .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  award the current user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  null   configures
truth:  null   badges

test:  remove all unnecessary in command line .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   runs
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test that a cookiejar on top info from r .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets all categories and stores them .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  sort the list of interfaces in the given tags .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  read encoded encoded run from file and return a list with it .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   null
truth:  count   count

test:  wraps quota callback to return the application urls for a given user .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  resets the docker settings for musicbrainz provider .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  populate   docker

test:  gets repr of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  gets   form
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write metadata separated file .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  writes   null

test:  call f .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  call   calculate
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists of the paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  trailing quadrature nodes and variance depending on the 1d graph .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this object .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that for an error is a random tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds chebyshev message to the message .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  change   message

test:  tests if an env hostname is shown in the running cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  pull   try
truth:  build   a

test:  get redis key cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper method for functions that verify if old content in old compatibility with a tree .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a formatted form either return or parent configuration .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  handle entire kernel .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  create   a

test:  const : const | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  command   find
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the specified rule .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  generate fasta elements from length .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether all available folders exist but not .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the pecl module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  pivoted   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of bytestring to encoding .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  main function to generate a domain .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  convert a string at index .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  parse   complex
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  parse testing filename and return its parameters .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  retrieve   tag
truth:  get   get

test:  abandoned baby .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   star
truth:  null   cloud

test:  extract fields from a cell dict .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  accept   configures
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a new sample sample file created with the given categories .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to an integer .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add the convex loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  fix   get
truth:  to   add

test:  use this function to start a vocabulary .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that we can label their folder when we dont have a folder labeled base .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the respective status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   status

test:  among the stripe from the stripe .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  delete   redirect
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi object as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   nicolet
truth:  read   read

test:  finds a console running on stack" in start .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  null   method

test:  test real catalog catalog .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  base   test
truth:  load   load

test:  return a diff of the page to handle repeat setup .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  convert   diff
truth:  text   text

test:  return a time into a datetime .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  time   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily set the attr of a particular object to a given object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  mount the given device with mountpoint .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   move
truth:  mount   mount

test:  raise exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  exception   replace
truth:  exception   exception

test:  retrieve plugin by name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  convert file paths .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  work   null
truth:  if   check

test:  add a plugin flags to the associated plugin .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  retrieve and return entire cookies for the given response .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  request   request

test:  return a list of the lines where the last element has empty tags .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  return   null
truth:  split   split

test:  seq ::= * options .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  seq   parse
truth:  expr   expr

test:  prints a list of tuples .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  prints   shutdown
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  returns a choosing containing a simple function .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  get a security group group with the given id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield successive n-sized rows from list of columns in a .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  sync a new draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  sync   sync

test:  put an url to the scheme .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  put   a

test:  set the given keychain key for the default keychain to the default values .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  connect   null
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  training controller - used for summary view .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   events
truth:  training   controller

test:  send worker(s) .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  returns   message
truth:  send   send

test:  test that you can cause --run-without-docker error .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a single message to all the messages .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   message

test:  split log of messages and return a result .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  represent the user protobuf on every location .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  represent   rest
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified 303 code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  produce   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  joins a list or unicode string .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  check   check

test:  extract parameters from a incoming stream .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  decorator indicating indicating indicating indicating indicating indicating indicating indicating indicating indicating method decorator indicating indicating indicating indicating indicating indicating method decorator decorator indicating indicating indicating indicating indicating indicating indicating indicating
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get the list of custom values for the given course .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   return
truth:  like   like

test:  test case of indentlevels: enabled by resetting with 4 & case .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  prefix   test
truth:  reset   reset

test:  simplest possible application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the knn of a remote file .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  train   a

test:  this decorator checks that mysql the specified message to add a new message to an event file .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  returns   notification
truth:  send   a

test:  returns list of admin users for the given user .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of vms and type by name .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   find
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  signal for the sites user changed .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  send   user
truth:  handle   handle

test:  move the buffer to a buffer .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  null   date
truth:  computes   null

test:  wait for a element{}[{}]ispresentbutnotvisible' alert .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  mark   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack plugin .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the line of the maximum of users character .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return a negative percentile of the publish_exploration_and_update_user_profiles metric .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  return   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  get callbacks of an image .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary converts a dictionary with nested values to a single level flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  convert a time string to a form .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  given   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: build-user-vars translate build failures requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  millisecond specified xml .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns the currently active languages bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run flocker-volume tests .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return an image with an image .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  load   null
truth:  read   read

test:  creates an dns records .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  submit the fasta file from unauthenticated based on acceptable filelinks: number of cores .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  submit   null
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  a more than 2 .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  calculate the fallback decorators .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  null   cli

test:  start a server start a port port port in .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  run   nltk

test:  converts a path to the directory path with production .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a function for the last argument and will been run .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  null   up
truth:  function   function

test:  return a byte string as string .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  string   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return the jinja environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  return   output
truth:  create   create

test:  helper method .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  build   null
truth:  server   server

test:  generate a unique id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  when using queryset token .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  default   sys
truth:  sending   sending

test:  returns default url and current request .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of nodes .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   replace
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a time .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  value   value

test:  convert string into a comma separated list of numbers .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  set   set

test:  parse the coverage .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  load   a

test:  run an cone between server and client gvm using server .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  look   a
truth:  run   session

test:  recursively sort a sorted list .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a pair .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  encode a pairs]return .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encode   encode

test:  every permutations in seq .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  if acls is none .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  if   update
truth:  update   status

test:  try to validate data loop from loop and recreates its descendents .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  to   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate shortest path for nodes in g .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  return a new unit output .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   run

test:  load all job data from all returners cli example: .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  load   info
truth:  return   return

test:  the item should be returned in this type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  takes element and returns the given hostname and takes it .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path segments for a python path .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  return   path
truth:  replace   argument

test:  a convenience function for checking 'eth .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  coerce value to a value .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the core tv tv in the core sensor .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register a string or updating a colormap .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  register   a
truth:  add   a

test:  plot a single side specifying the elements in array x and statsmodels .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   check
truth:  plot   plot

test:  import cache of --user plugins .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  cache   settings
truth:  updates   updates

test:  impulse correlation of correlation matrix .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  correlation   report
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that c characters .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  enable the new off sensor turn off sensor turn off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  null   null
truth:  called   null

test:  test reading volume labels from valid .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  reading   a
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  converts data in given data to binary representation .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  takes url .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  takes   data
truth:  token   token

test:  convert a browser addr into secedit money cli example: .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   return
truth:  make   a

test:  convert to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  leading   percentage
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return text by color .
truth: string in color . 
test:  return   text
truth:  string   in

test:  populate the scalar value of the scalar .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the specified provider in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   upgrade
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if there is no terminal .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of the release .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the secure helper for testing purposes .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  null   transcripts
truth:  like   like

test:  connect a document into .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  log   a

test:  a version of python method .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if the specified distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  determine   null

test:  take a user using common interface .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  take   function
truth:  changes   interface

test:  updates networks .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  verbose   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  return n if power of n is equal to 1 .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  ensure roots is a rest of the regular-expression roots .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that search and underscores files for a list of snippet .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parse a predicted field from a unserialize field .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a given serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a wrapper around u''else .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  return   return
truth:  default   default

test:  write a list of tuples to a file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   replace
truth:  write   a

test:  show subscribers .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  show   null
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  returns a 'kmustbeapositiveinteger' graph of cyclicly graph or export .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download the translations from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   bench
truth:  download   download

test:  get all enabled ips .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  details page: show a box with three add-on tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  null   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find candidates for parent from located in order to parent directory .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   a

test:  return the month name based on locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a scheduled task has currently running under a given task and returns true if task has none .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  checks   mask
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders index page .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  owned   a
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add a propositional events to the variance .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  add   trigger
truth:  accept   a

test:  fetch client id by name .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in processor .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generate a new endpoint .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  add lines ending with first id .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  add   try
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all agent by service .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  fetches all show_version positions on each vertex array .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  null   configure
truth:  null   operator

test:  serialize a few numbers using the number of characters .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  importing utc module using nova module .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  flag elements of the most common constants using the given quantile .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   values
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   value
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  redirect to the document of a document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  if the word line is currently none .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  setting   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a process to all items .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  send   version
truth:  process   a

test:  test installing from pip from an easy_installed package .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock distance .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  write out later for possible bindings .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  write   null
truth:  set   set

test:  patch python whether the temporal tool is run .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   input
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns a pmf from a sequence of elements of size n .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  draws   a

test:  return a output with an error .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  context   text
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  sort a list of dictionaries in the given key .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve property value for given intent .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the expression of the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt data with aes cipher .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  wrap   export
truth:  warning   warning

test:  retrieve a dictionary of attributes from an open instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  look   up

test:  empty : id .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  function multiple threads in eat .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  function   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  compute domains and page_permissions arrays .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  null   check
truth:  throw   a

test:  takes quotes around a string which can be quoted and unquotes it .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  quotes   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  given a courses .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  given   return
truth:  null   method

test:  this returns a new set of errors output .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  calls func .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  function   decorator

test:  convert error processing .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add a fake fake facilities .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  parse an <links> service .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  startup   packets

test:  determine if a point is inside the loop list .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of database names in password the host of the member database cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test long tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a path is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of lines .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  to   try

test:  get a logical volume group name .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  get   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  used to execute contains the given type .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize an instance in a packages with the specified name .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  set   set

test:  gets the process from the process .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the name of a remote function .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a thread .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  return   file
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  display the current database version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  display   get
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  takes an http response object and returns a nice python object .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decode unicode string in the series/index .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   character
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  extract slice rows from sibling text .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  empty   remove

test:  lookup and return terms for a url .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  look   up

test:  checks what the node is actually created using root .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests if the color includes the given decorator .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  pysignature the arguments returns a pysignature .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  log a log record object .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  get   selection
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  dipy the scheduler .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  reset   loss
truth:  if   check

test:  test a new hylist .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find the maintenance database given a dict .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper method to write a file to the output given object .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  generator that looks like letsencrypt .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  is   function
truth:  return   return

test:  takes the tokens whose values contains nested structure .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  takes   works
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a user wants to receive emails about their activity .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert git version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  git   git

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is accessible .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  build static html file from a specified page .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  build   html
truth:  open   documentation

test:  checks if the requests request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  the html type is a special string returns a dict .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  initialize or create a vector with no memory state .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  attempts to find bc in a given header and write data for the given header .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   program

test:  runs the process dies .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  make   null

test:  helper method to get and home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  to   null
truth:  named   null

test:  return a new sample of tests possibly do testing testing .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  return   null
truth:  visit   visit

test:  return a list of public and a path of the valid python modules pair .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  return   resolves
truth:  list   list

test:  create a time column in range .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  create   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns package path of the directory .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  patch image by applying a binary image to local image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  patch   patch
truth:  perform   null

test:  accept a swift request .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  null   dict
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  tests search handler in search query .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  asserts   tests
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  ensure we can complete to control .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  convert py3 characters as a pretty string .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns path to the directory where the theme is located .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   theme

test:  this will store a list of timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  if the user is not an email .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to a home page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  filter filter that inverts .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  filter   inputs
truth:  if   null

test:  download zip file and download the given directory and download the following campaigns: file to the given .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  copy   file
truth:  download   a

test:  removes a bootstrap_formset_errors .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a test case of a response object .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  testing   convert
truth:  test   test

test:  add a list of dicts which all the same length as a string .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  list roles in a cassandra cluster cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  look   data
truth:  return   a

test:  call -> call with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   null
truth:  command   command

test:  test copy['sol']['data'] copy .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  averaging   test

test:  given a given subnet and map it .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get failedtogetgroup{ group group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  test v_t of low .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the subgraph of g .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if obj is dict .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  view   try
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  decorator to determine if the given distribution can be used .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns an instance of ipython interactiveshell + hug view .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  push a session by loading the current server-side document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  when a scenario definition raises definitions as steps .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  skipped   null
truth:  default   default

test:  gets the name in the specified string .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  is   null

test:  remove filter keys in a particular filter .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  modify   null

test:  read 20 tweets sampled from the public streaming api to search for a file .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  read   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  a simple view that just verifies the kodi setting is the same setting .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  the factorization of f in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  set the security client for a specific situation .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   a
truth:  modifies   null

test:  ]module < 1 .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  save   a
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  this is a rest api .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list all instance profiles .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   check

test:  download version number that are unique for the current site .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   args

test:  converts the tmp query string to a custom datacenter .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  null   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  compute the 2d numpy array of pixel depth .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  depth   depth

test:  create a dopile set cli example: .
truth: drop database . 
test:  create   up
truth:  drop   database

test:  execute hidden and return the string of shape .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  execute   output
truth:  write   a

test:  safely compute a tensor that needs to the correct type .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  coerce   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to check if a service is actually matches .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  function   check
truth:  return   return

test:  change selection button by user .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  reset   scroll
truth:  select   null

test:  checks if the user has allowed moderate on the given action .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a vm to timeout or warning on a given type .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  detect that detect which own the string passed in needles .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  null   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return a hamming window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a draft with the given path from preview .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  if there is no certname in the certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  returns html rendered connection with amazon computational or update if true .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  look   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sorts score by course .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  wheel uninstall-before-upgrade wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   files
truth:  null   null

test:  given a set of graph object and graph object suitable for graph in a set of used .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  given   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  decorator to locked a function .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  to   a
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  run the batchjob when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  run   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  convert integer label from network label .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   binary
truth:  converts   integer

test:  checks if a value is an xml .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid for the sha-1 uuid and a namespace uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  finds the given rights object in a collection of rights .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  join two coroutine components .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  join   join
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  calculate the default edit window of the given set of toggle old partial .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  calculate   up
truth:  if   null

test:  performs a sequence of length sequence .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks debugging tabs - used from a certain 5 file .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  flag   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns policies report report .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the accuracy of the desired value .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   null
truth:  default   default

test:  get current package list .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  package   null
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request type b section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  request   assignment
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for weighted cases .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  get full endpoint from api call .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update the handle from srcpath as resource dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   resources
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the installed kernel .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create subscription and push a subscription .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   lifecycle
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  add the given matrix to each key in column .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  add   function
truth:  xor   xor

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  return a row as a single floating point number .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get media descriptors user_data .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allow a list of functions to generate a code .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  encode bson data in data .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  simple task that returns a dict with a given object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  view   null
truth:  print   print

test:  get size of filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  return   size
truth:  function   function

test:  converts integer values to rational .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary redirect url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  tests that the four possible to test that the same seed could be prefixed with creating a numpy rng .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  an array of binary labels that should be moved to a new set of arrays .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   data
truth:  download   download

test:  show contents of vid to handle saving or evoked .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  null   entire
truth:  order   order

test:  select a path and search based on path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  select   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set the *x* attribute of an iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  return an array of djangos language language from template .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  upgrade   return
truth:  return   return

test:  asynchronously unpack the given command functions .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  when time zone will be selected .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the directory is configured in the system path case-insensitive and ignores trailing backslash returns: boolean true if path exists .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  if   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns hexadmecimal attached to markdown hash of string .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  generate the transaction for an image .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return json string to be used in s3 mode .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  return   use
truth:  prefix   a

test:  update binary module .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   section

test:  start a given celery .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  start   changes
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  the entry point for the configuration .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  to   add

test:  return configuration files to nice configuration file .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  to   server
truth:  if   null

test:  create a private cipher in the whole files exist in pem mode .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  deactivate set certificate handling and search for any orders associated with the given certificate .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  function   a
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  check if a package is running inside the cuda database .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  if   python
truth:  to   path

test:  populate a dictionary of keys read from row .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a normal simplerst table with no normal simplerst table .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  merge an existing .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  return schemes targets for permission section .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  return   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  builds an http response object .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  will remove all files and files and delete for each folder in the folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the style style style style style entries .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : function sep field_seq | function field_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the event handlers .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  '#-name a comment by omap' and then less back with omap' .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   a

test:  returns description of an image .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  gets   escape
truth:  apply   html

test:  set up the sonarr platform .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  add multiple fields to the zone/project/id .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  extracts   number
truth:  figure   figure

test:  return a warning version of the original line .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   get
truth:  replaces   new

test:  remove a previously obtained field in ccx attributes to overrides a ccx xml .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts it to a template template string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  apply all objects into the rule .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  change   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string element value for the given function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  safely set an domains for fallback domains .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  null   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  calculate the version of the v2 version of vectors .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  is   diff

test:  return true if the given filename should be included with a valid python file path .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  set the pdb module .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  import   suspend
truth:  call   pdb

test:  retrieves entity from entity .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  clean up everything .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  list all the remote login .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  testing   open
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  extracts an http url and returns the content value .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  raises argumenterror api .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  raises   convert
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the timeseries is greater than three mean in the mean from each series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test 'a*b' .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   pvalues
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of a rat .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  formats a symbol as set in the specified value .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine if shuffler service is available for the app .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only be called from etcd .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for filters on a incident form view .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that distances are consistent with regions work .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  url-encode strings passed to the getfilesforname() .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   language
truth:  null   crud

test:  just like foo-1 .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  a metaclass for adding new methods to an attribute on a metaclass .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   metaclass
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy data from source of paths .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   move
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   number

test:  a version of with_appcontext .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  null   versions
truth:  convert   app

test:  read lines and blank lines from structured string .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  fill   a

test:  get the hadoop configuration .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in sql initial tables to .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts human readable variables to an integer .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a relative url to the link to relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  return   install
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the directory is in the final incomplete .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict f .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  yields a batch of ids to an identifier for the given batch .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  return   null
truth:  search   search

test:  read a given file and return a string using keyword_function_map syntax .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  read   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the pillar data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  map the hardware index flags .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  list   list

test:  sample an image in the percentile .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  sample   implementation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initalize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : goto semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 64bit int from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   details
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the given hook e .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  run   shutdown
truth:  executed   null

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the generalized gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load all model keys from init .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add arguments with args .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  null   null
truth:  bind   cli

test:  this is .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  is   return
truth:  if   check

test:  do the display of the source code .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  do   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap calls with actual expression and emit it .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return full path to the dir containing dir .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  to   directory
truth:  starting   starting

test:  create a directory at path for storing the files specified .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a list of all coverage prefixes found under the output .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of characters into a sublime .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get a filter that checks if a snapshot is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the full path to the executable available for a cache path to the container parent directory path completion .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   a

test:  prints and return the raw requests .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  convert a list of *individual* .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  is   a
truth:  convert   snake

test:  return true if the given function is equivalent to it .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  if   function
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test that javascript formats the javascript code and files formatted for javascript files .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  null   master
truth:  test   test

test:  a decorator for checking if you get lib is not implemented or not .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   home
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return a configuration from the current request .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  set all parameters in a module .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  request   set
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: string a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  merge variable <name> on concatenation .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  null   eval

test:  use events to collection of keen events from keen .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  use   null
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the limit available facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 number from v2 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  retrieve the specified search url from the given search .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel change section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  disconnect   return
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a new array of the current call to reuse .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  contactfield version of homogenous matrix .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert an inbound tzinfo .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test that pip\nset-lx completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  expand path which maps to absolute path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  expand   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  simple wrapper to make a decorator that tests the tests to help method .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns the given absolute path as returned by given glance .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset supported languages state by the current set of all available languages .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  to a string .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  an exception .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  the succeeds succeeds == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   orv

test:  updates an element contains the given repr complement .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  returns a dictionary of keys that do not have any of the keys in the provided keys .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  returns   copies
truth:  performs   a

test:  determine signed to signed private key using js .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  return   return

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  makes a process and output it unzip to a output command .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  output   null
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize the directory listing .
truth: many builds . 
test:  initialize   download
truth:  builds   null

test:  resolve a schedule from a $-string of dependen .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  inits   path
truth:  creates   null

test:  a basic filters filters .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  the current action proposed configuration files exit .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  get   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  indentation indentation .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  log   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the network graph of minimum network graph .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create a theme theme .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  create   a
truth:  name   name

test:  return a friendly of tokens .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   top
truth:  return   top

test:  get lists and add lines lists at the normalize function .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command to append to .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message about the root usage:: info .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  evaluate f by a constant in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  run user .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  parse version in a package in format name .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   build
truth:  extracts   null

test:  run the ensure that the tests were requested .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  run   topics
truth:  like   like

test:  return requests for setting the given block_url backend .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to seqs .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   writing
truth:  write   seqs

test:  listen for article events .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a list of the names of all available aws packages .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that you cant handles a bucket .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import data structure as json .
truth: compress json . 
test:  import   json
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily change all modules anything .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  make   null

test:  create temporary subs_somevalue .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   content
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the absolute text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to change the output of show models on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  calculate :nth-last-of-type() in the dict where the dict is reporting .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the details of the attachment .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  internal helper function to convert platform to numeric values of this type .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get - run for beneath search in datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  null   list
truth:  to   function

test:  create a filter with the private characters .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  create   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  returns a ['desc'] representation .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns an answer object for the given rule and log it .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  on lowest parts .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and stderr output .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stops   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create data in ccx push for any responses .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  function   view
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is an instance method .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process and log s3 files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  get the list of http request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this filter filter all compiler of the provided compiler filters .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  sample   members
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  unpack an entire hash back to bad config file .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  downloads   url
truth:  if   null

test:  this method helps a given url into a repository .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  callback to callback from the input nodes to output nodes in the input nodes to output nodes to output nodes in uses different arguments .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  uses   uses

test:  main entry point to the conversion of shutil .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  null   test
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure a given subnet group exists .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  given   a
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  return requests for an http response code .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  return   try
truth:  try   try

test:  read a table with data line before we cant use the web line .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  input   table
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute a generalized dot product of two arrays .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts the results from the specified pattern into a list of packed objects .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a new task to create a list containing port scheduler .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   property

test:  returns the setuptools version of a directory .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  extract text from text in text that match a text file .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  null   check
truth:  merge   merge

test:  read a variable and var it from a new value .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  read   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  given a list of symbols and a string .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  used   get
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure we can complete to unique after ident .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove one or more iis from iis .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a backing device(s) list .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   details
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the cli example: .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  close   null
truth:  is   null

test:  truncated truncated truncated central moment / a/d filter parameters a : array .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require po file in the project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  delete   verbose
truth:  project   project

test:  helper function for generating a unix transform transform parameters get_queryset : dictionary to a set frame .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  needs   no
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  return a list of tool names and metadata on least one that are supplied as dependencies for the received repository .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string specifying the version of pip .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception model .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  if   dimension
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  read a file with one or more than 2 .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  read   read
truth:  if   null

test:  show related page of vid related content from message of vid related to view related content .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yield the directory and yield its paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clique clique connected to nodes in chordal order .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return data filter filter filter filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  return project name from given arguments .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a view that returns a dict with all oauth and cookies .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  add a username to the remote server .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check for parameters broken color .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  error   check
truth:  ensure   val

test:  get members with the lettuce summary domain .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the staff dict for the given course .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  load and return the configured import bootstrap bootstrap .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  generate   python
truth:  import   import

test:  a convenience function to run a subprocess .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  name   name

test:  test that "stereo_motorcycle" should be loaded .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   example

test:  decorator for checking if index is a slice .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  null   action
truth:  function   function

test:  create a detached process with a detached .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  create   function
truth:  starting   starting

test:  skip a test if review is true .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   factory
truth:  skip   a

test:  retrieve grouped tags from the tag name and return the grouped xml tag names .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  retrieve   tags
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a date/time .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flag string blocks .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  string   convert
truth:  return   description

test:  set the mapped location of x along x .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  walk through all the files from the local directory tree .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  collects   list
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start the modules minimum version .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  null   salt

test:  verifies that a file is a file and can be used when the trees is a clean .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   isactive
truth:  setting   setting

test:  search the source strings from the comment comments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   null

test:  setup user for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  setup   bench
truth:  add   commands

test:  test scop vertex .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  return a single function in a sequence of function docstring .
truth: aux function . 
test:  getting   return
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all sourceforge page page numbers .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a itemsize array .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  return   data
truth:  allocate   a

test:  this creates a new task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a vastly -> babc function .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  return   fix
truth:  null   convenience

test:  being handled .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get a list of user ids .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  align a tag f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  delete tags .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  add   add

test:  set text to text and return true/false .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  set   text
truth:  create   a

test:  get all compute networks .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   agent
truth:  get   get

test:  true if this string has a return true .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library resources .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  null   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  main entry point .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  set   example
truth:  null   level

test:  sphinx sphinx issue that would have errors over some issue in the issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  to   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  prints a signal specification for the field .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  select   migrate
truth:  null   null

test:  check catalog number logic .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  check   database
truth:  null   database

test:  handle uncaught fields for a post request .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  write   a

test:  only return if requests is installed .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a fake victorops cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   keyring

test:  get the prefix for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the virtual properties spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the specified response object .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  post   null
truth:  caching   set

test:  does comparison and label formatted on the local node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  does   return
truth:  to   check

test:  stubbed out the xblocks signal by the course related to the course for the course directories and related to the course subdir .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  force   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the path to the given path .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  make   a
truth:  get   get

test:  internal parser for sorted lists of column-matrix by distances .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  null   a
truth:  find   find

test:  helper function to convert a datetime to the appropriate date .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  function   a
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  copy the given field from crypt() by the uploaded book .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  calculate   filter
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  create a random string with alpha and return a bad encoder .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  sympify a 2d numpy array .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  have   a
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  a wrapper to wrap domain object with futreturn and calls .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove the given path .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  call a tree .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  call   function
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  sets the database connection and renders the current database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a simple task that launches a file of a plugged-in host .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  null   run
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful useful useful for providing test data useful .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a room that is a basic example of build instructions .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lettuce should have a same class :arg implementation .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  null   stack
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save an system status to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  save   null
truth:  showing   null

test:  validates an attribute of a runner .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return simple mean value for one flags: array-like .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  show all the aws encoded file .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  print   print

test:  decorator to add a property to a method .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  given path to the keywords .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   info

test:  a generator for the first instance from packages .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  null   null
truth:  latex   latex

test:  test coeffs and session cookies .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds two or more sum to a cg .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  represent utils for scheduler not implemented in scheduler .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  split words in a string using the given whitespace .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  split   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verifies the signature of an argument using the specified location .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to put a specified host using its host system connection .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   a
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type if it contains an error .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update an existing child session .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  hide obj .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  used and convert a yaml formatted string into a plex .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the resource and start querying .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize a streamhandler module for the pwnlib werkzeug message .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct f + a lim equivalent .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  setup modules .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  square   setup
truth:  point   point

test:  get information for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a datetime value to the format defined in the configuration file .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that drivers is not an exception for the wrapped function .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a posts serial server .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi filter for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  signals a file this folder via a certain folder .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  input   download
truth:  run   run

test:  return a comma parameter cli example: .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  determine whether disk image can be used as default .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  determine   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert the name of a file path to a base base path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  convert   a

test:  simple task to install extras package .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  null   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  power-on suspend .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a helper function for flattening conversion .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   strategy
truth:  null   strategy

test:  to skip and caused tasks to skip and restore them .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handle   chain

test:  returns true if sequence is a valid sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   multiple

test:  gets an email address of the default config object .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  if   check

test:  translate a css complement to an html .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : expression .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant resultant in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  resultant   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  recursively escape a string .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the central transformation parameters x : ndarray k : int or y_t matrix of lagpolynomial matrices .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   weights

test:  populate the absolute value of the gamma function .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates a string with the data using the specified secret key and stores it with the specified secret .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only work on powermodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array of selection items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem items .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  plot the given month and plot it as a new month in the case .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  index   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns true if the given image is default .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  create a copy of the given layer taps .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  create   function
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  show image location .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  write file to filename .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  file   a
truth:  write   something

test:  open module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns an fields for the given model .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  returns a unicode string from a python file as a unicode string .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function to download item from user .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  null   function
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a local url to a local url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  null   a

test:  clears the currently logged-in users .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete an instance with the instance type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  similar to integer .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  to   replace
truth:  command   command

test:  convert 7while from bit list to 7while .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return a set of all astropy for force passing in getaddrinfo .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  return   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  and_expression : equality_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   and_expression
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  stop stop all vectors in letters .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert list to string .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a string .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  helper function for searching to use a subset of treats details .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  settings checking if the settings passed to facebook .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  settings   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  print out output .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  only allow anonymous headers .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  function   return
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit media form for new media .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  is   media
truth:  edit   media

test:  returns the *l1* .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  returns   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  ensure task encoding in task .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  used   list
truth:  terminate   task

test:  helper to get helps for it class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   type

test:  decorator to cause a connection .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   a

test:  in-place an integer value .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default totp of a given expression .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  expr   expr

test:  returns an html record for the exploration .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  main script .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve a few ip address so that it can be loaded .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolve   function
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generate epochs .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  create   null
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  the public number that is the stop of a key .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the daemon password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  reset   a

test:  tries to find all python modules in the directory where sys .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  searches   try
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts from label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  compares   hosts
truth:  add   multiple

test:  make password of an auth .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  signal   keys
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content nodes with limited fields for rendering parent in parent object .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of tuples representing the index index .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   index

test:  register all registered codecs .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   null
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  for some strange reason .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the graph for g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the data .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bitbucket trigger a job with bitbucket plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple dict with keys in the given key .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points from loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates an existing list of of a user has completed or update with .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  save   a

test:  return a list of existing character .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   kernel

test:  return a dictionary of characters cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  return   ports
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  show predefined neg .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  show   shutdown
truth:  null   negation

test:  converts a utctz .
truth: as above . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new transaction by name the name of the page to be created .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  make   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  returns the data_dir command line for the specified program .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  uses   uses

test:  raises an arbitrary object to a string .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches a list of configured driver objects for a given profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  get specific alias for a key and alias name .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to carry for ajax or fail which redirects to a request has it .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all submodules which are currently submodules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get think colors in a specified format .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  get   test
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  validate a csr private key and return a dict .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture which provides a fake web-history object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks whether we are the being created .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  checks   print
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns the gdb .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  returns   predicate
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to return a simple writer segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   policy

test:  translate the given period to an alias .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  translate   return
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a poem 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if a dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the given html string in a single html <a> tag .
truth: from url . 
test:  returns   quote
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   up
truth:  updates   packages

test:  build an absolute path and return the contents of a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  read   return
truth:  string   string

test:  delete the given apikey .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  given   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   test
truth:  running   running

test:  round value to int .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  to   try
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload files to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the current movie present player previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  reports reports for testing template from resource definitions .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  template   a
truth:  return   a

test:  seed an data with the given codeassistproposals .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  this function is the model to send a interactive model or the both c c interface version .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a nested module .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  fail   decorator
truth:  give   null

test:  reset intermediate instance of a subsystem and subclasses of its execution .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  checks users response corresponding to staff .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  ignore   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  initialize a twitter version .
truth: remove message . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  takes a list of headers .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a list of tuples .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  wsgiapp the application .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  null   program
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling max .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given module :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a form updates .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  assigned   get

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is accessible .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a sessionmanager .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  return   dictloader
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the list_policies script .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  install   install
truth:  null   null

test:  construct the basic arguments for the given object .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  return a list of ignored names from all patterns matching the given patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows offset and expand windows environment variables based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  update libraries between all libraries and styles are saved .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns the url specified by the current working domain or compiled from the url given .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute power of f and nth coefficient .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  return a 3) version .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   supervisor
truth:  test   test

test:  from the chinese union of the first gcdex - one .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   part

test:  initialize a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  has users in user and returns a default group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   user

test:  retrieve an email address based on the email address .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   a

test:  patch socket .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate plugins to database .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  import   null
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  return a random global module .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   key
truth:  returns   a

test:  convenience function to delete a temp file and return filename .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  request   a
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  retry execution to handle retries .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   callable
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve the current socket .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the number of hardware processes .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  needs an alternate command .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  missing   load
truth:  load   load

test:  certain table with characters .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  record   record

test:  decorates a function to handle restful http entities for it .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  temporarily yield sorting .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  null   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the guest client spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  a valid error handler for a terminal error .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  null   string
truth:  simulate   null

test:  modifies a view function by csrf view function name from the csrf view protection to determine if the csrf view protection protection .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  replaces python 2 .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  copy data from the bcpy scratch server .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   return
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the unique signature signature as a dict .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  returns   checksum
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  nanmean relative reciprocal of the input array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  null   normalizes
truth:  return   return

test:  factor a square-free degree in gf(p)[x] for finite in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  get the user id for a specific user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  send method for sequences in instances at this request .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the label label for a portion of x .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  change list of comments to access a resource - used by cms .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  process   null
truth:  return   a

test:  resolve views to a accept mobile api .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the virtual pkg module if the os is solaris .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a filename into a tree of words .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create the handle to handle various script files .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   null
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert a list of unicode strings into a string .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  test the decorator that the callers callers includes been async version .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns our machine .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fade active activity value .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  sleeps   run
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  overwrite the generalized sine problem by passing in an arbitrary type .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  maps   calculate
truth:  return   discrete

test:  a standing way to download the suffix quality .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  email to send the translation object .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  set the reg running sabnzbd instance will solve users registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  change   url
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for production / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  fetches a list of serialization .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  like   like

test:  goes all files in the doc directory and removes documents .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  try to return the path of a test data file .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test json with invalid error .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute a dictionary query using dictionary query .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   sql

test:  alias for the skeleton .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the sha256 hashing for the specified hashing .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  create   a
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge rule | expr power expr | expr ne expr | expr gt expr |
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  returns the index of the items:: color codes .
truth: clean component . 
test:  returns   source
truth:  clean   component

test:  helper function to format the http header line in dict of header headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  provide   validate
truth:  encode   encode

test:  lookup a url by uptime url .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return package packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  package   file
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system system command .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  to   null
truth:  empty   trash

test:  return the argument name .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  func   func

test:  test that review creates a review hash that is shown and that the current suggestion .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  tries to enable js pyval adapter with a sympy python identifier .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   python

test:  documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a documentation string into a tree .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  walk through any file in the given glob pattern .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  test wcs .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the nth moment in a list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  do a command .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure metadata given an image as a dict .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  convert the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  convert   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a string in a known string according to a file .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  to   one
truth:  is   input

test:  register deterministic aes .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a list of module names from the given package and its detected .
truth: by default . 
test:  return   null
truth:  default   default

test:  displaying the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  remove the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   security
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  convert ids indicating tuples into dns mac address .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  parsing   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  append a string to a config .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add form .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library resources .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  null   a
truth:  define   null

test:  test that attribute represents a turned .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  test   return
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  add a new converter type to the converter output .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  add   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  a coroutine for checking if its managed interface .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a device is present should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  render all registered actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the conjugate-transpose of a matrix examples .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for expected results with expected equal to half .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  parse the action command output .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  gets   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  given   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp is allowed to the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  disable   null

test:  run a function in a datastore transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   prefix
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure that line comments are ignored .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   readers

test:  cannot .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  do   nothing

test:  returns a string representing the given objects .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  check if specified items is a theme/' item .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  search for the unwrapped line options .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the buffer to be sent to plotly .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  only query made by the given kernel .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  name   check
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  query keyspace and contact status for a cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  respond   a
truth:  if   check

test:  filters a value with a keys of values .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  this module deprecation default checking for build .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  null   build
truth:  test   test

test:  take a list of partitions and a sequence of lists .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   interface
truth:  define   new

test:  return an closest path for the given directory .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  logs a form/formset error code .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  logs   decimal
truth:  print   a

test:  get an array of data .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  color   color

test:  given the tree .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  null   attribute
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test unique join to a single iterables .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  install   return
truth:  configure   configure

test:  set sy .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   information

test:  remove a logger handler .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  save   close
truth:  closes   null

test:  determines if any build links from page tree .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for a task-executing social files will be a pair .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we get compile error as long arguments .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  return the number of minima of x along the base if knowledge is equal .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute x in x .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  null   x
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns a ctypes .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  displays the time series .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  record   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  calls external compress calls .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  compute   entry
truth:  solves   null

test:  convert a validation .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  convert   seconds
truth:  return   return

test:  a simple decorator for a caching cache .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  memoize   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns whether the specified tests in socket are on the specified server .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  makes sure that tied constraints are an error message .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  makes   validates
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade value .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return secret_key of your app access .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   secret_key
truth:  return   return

test:  perform main loop of successfull .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  make a function after a given api after instances after a page with api categories .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   retry
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   check
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  create a template tag .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  hook   template
truth:  require   a

test:  return tip specifier_qualifier_list in list_type .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a new table object .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  create   a
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  list the specified job on the system .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a list of terms from a list of f(x) f .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  convert   derivative
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  list configuration files for temporary file .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  list   up
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a filename relative to a file path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   a

test:  updates the locate task cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  run   return
truth:  update   update

test:  the last .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a query string into int .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns true if obj is configured .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  see if user has email with fields .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run a test case .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns imports modules from project name .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  given   null
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function is intended to be a given matrix parameters matrix : ndarray the matrix where "normalized" is a single pointer .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a vi connectivity with sparse filter connectivity .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  create   table
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  get authentication key into the request name .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test working copy when a target already exists and has target .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  update an existing mapping volumes .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   volume
truth:  creates   group

test:  read kit to a logic .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   event
truth:  function   function

test:  enqueue a send email report .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  create a ctypes .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  context manager for capturing a cluster in cribbed .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  convert a file with a filename and return its name .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  generated   find
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for an image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  verify if this is an array of composite addresses parameters error: : array_like .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  if   calculate
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given value should be strings .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parse envr .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  iterate   cycle
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a default locale object from locale storage .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  show a product page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  to   view
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the given image has enough length .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  preprocesses   image
truth:  given   a

test:  a context manager for documentation .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  return a generator object corresponding to the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   create
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output in the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the translation thread setting .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a version of salt .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  library decorator for methods not implemented in the appropriate lib .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  fill an object for the same time as the c{class} to the object .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  null   frequency

test:  this is a plaintext authentication function which checks to make sure the jbig2 hash is valid .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  return   password
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to secure connection :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  send create context .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process to handle mass form for messages messages and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  to   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a metadef name .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a list of cpus to build metric definitions with .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   a

test:  get true if we can successfully have enabled enough quality scores .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called every time the server stops before a server stops before it starts .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  retrieve   one
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return true if name is a service name cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  list   return
truth:  if   check

test:  register a complete set of yield yield yield yield .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  look up the git command and raise an error if the git was detected .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  guess   lookup
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split profiles into default default policy .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  loads   profiles
truth:  list   list

test:  list installed postgresql extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   dictionary
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as nt their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a generator for methods that get all items in the given sequence of properties .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  string   a
truth:  function   function

test:  append a remote system .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  command   docker
truth:  to   prefix

test:  get a url and bind it to the output of the screen .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  attributes   return
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap disco so that if we are allowed to get safely support .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert a native sizeif structure to a native sizeif object .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   set
truth:  list   list

test:  lead field sums products using legendre polynomial series .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   field

test:  admin page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  specifying   a
truth:  command   command

test:  a simple view to technical exceptions .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  null   view
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert from wavelength .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   arg
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  compute the specified event of a given object .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  vectorized version of the shape when x is used .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  vectorized   x
truth:  apply   apply

test:  integrate pyyamls using the curve var this function dump the resolving values stored in curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of all non-overlapping matches in string by using the pattern .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   try
truth:  search   search

test:  trims pretty estimator .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  trims   null

test:  returns log mm .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  log   array
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip from the values dictionary .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the capped mean squared error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  converts any input into a hash of ascii variables .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the date with an date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  show   function
truth:  display   display

test:  write unique elements of string by deleting table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  tell a url .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  save or updated variables to match nameservers and return a dictionary with match specified data .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to ldap service .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  hash a signature specification .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  hash   return
truth:  return   a

test:  const_value : pathname | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any existing task from the existing dag .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  destroy   data
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if obj is a getargsfromdoc object .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  validates   obj
truth:  get   arguments

test:  convert string to file .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  string   bytes
truth:  if   null

test:  convert the nested tree tree to a nested tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  walk   tree

test:  create upload file to paste .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  upload   files
truth:  turn   null

test:  get the os .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test downloading package with console_scripts that is easy_installed .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test application running system .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return actual bits of bits .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   a

test:  we want to log all of the compiler for this particular test .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  resizes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper to refresh inventory inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   null

test:  download a coordinate disk .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   function
truth:  download   api

test:  compute the finder for finder .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  save current model to yaml .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  remove unicode string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  replace   normalize
truth:  string   string

test:  used primarily block device .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   get
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  wrap a function so that it can be used automatically calls .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  return the date from a month .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function for completions out of column fields from response .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  null   try
truth:  parse   a

test:  produces a list of issues of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  is   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get current transaction .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply any expression tree in the expression tree .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  get a list of python files .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  return   null
truth:  yield   elements

test:  process a collection of items to the session .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  save   config
truth:  hook   hook

test:  add two columns to each tuple .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  sets   files
truth:  adds   function

test:  do a deprecation test .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  do   a
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser --> handle .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the given logging .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  batch   create
truth:  logging   logging

test:  clean up a domain of a named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  were   a
truth:  send   a

test:  solves pythagorean diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  get a list of desktop modules associated with properties .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  make   up
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  returns an image of the patch probability in the 2 .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  return current backend configuration .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  return   null
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if the pip module is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter in default columns .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   xlwt
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the unicode string in the range of text .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  null   test
truth:  running   running

test:  split service services in the parent and return a dict describing the defines button name of the service filename line that should be ignored .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  split   check
truth:  check   check

test:  calculate the click-through spend .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a cluster list for a given cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  this function is used to create the specified numpy array .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create the matlab overlay of num_epochs which will go through .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  filters   test
truth:  load   load

test:  try to parse environment variables for system .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  parses a string containing url .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert elements of nelements to 1 .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  return   return

test:  list disk disk disk disk cli example: .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  list   list
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  create a test for it .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the double line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  a failed failed job .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns the calculated margin for a margin image and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes a new plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  right description for original .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  query   attempts
truth:  change   a

test:  generate an array of lines from the same length as a random array .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  generate   array
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of users that are following the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  internet internet state .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  join   callback
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse pyyamls output .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   comments
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets an item shared item by the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  ensures that when an individual access to new collection is available .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  request   request

test:  return the scalar of a vector .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a pathname into a pathname .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  do   join
truth:  join   path

test:  test simple sanity check for hypersearch data .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  save snapshot to disk .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  save   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract links from http response value set to the header value where the header value is the path we can parse: link: <url rel=shortlink .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   links
truth:  extract   links

test:  print an error entry in record for a iterable .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a lashed gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  exclude all ip addresses .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  increment   get
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get a file from the requests dictionary cli example: .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  get   update
truth:  return   a

test:  get global git git repository .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  get   try
truth:  make   null

test:  validate a network unpair .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  runs test suite .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  opens a buffer .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  imports   content
truth:  content   content

test:  test that lag-polynomial .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  need   need

test:  disable a ''}ret service .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  retrieve an xml string from the given xml definition .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  function   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules expr | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   worker
truth:  null   null

test:  this is an ipython extension .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  null   comments
truth:  unload   unload

test:  return all rules for a security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  rules   rules

test:  plots setting and other labels when multiple time to right color sequence .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write the testcase for min_zero .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test the clickableimage class with makefiles and y constraints .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list all of the installed client .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  list   point
truth:  set   up

test:  split the extension in a number to formatted from a number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  return a dict of the length of the code .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  shear images with a single image .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  null   images
truth:  performs   a

test:  parses a mime-type and returns a dictionary of the where params type is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media request type .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  runs all timeout .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  check   data
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add source table to the source table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  update   create
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: build-publisher this plugin allows you to define "weight" on build failure .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : atom | enum_item | enum_item .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  is   null
truth:  atom   atom

test:  generate common paragraph of the resembles lines in a list .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an appropriate language object .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  resolves resolves and returns the internals of an object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  return a list of contents of a users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a test filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get the corpus number of corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  patch correctness .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to list of dict of sockets .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write instances of a hash .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  write   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  iterate over events .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  receive   messages

test:  determine if the synapses is in the two available: .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  if   return
truth:  given   a

test:  set sized .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  generate a receipt for the given power .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  decode   decode

test:  decorator for a class by filling out some arguments from a classmethod .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return true if the specified {{ start with no broadcastable .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  return   source
truth:  trigger   a

test:  inverse of an array and equal to the value and b .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   val
truth:  to   helper

test:  try to get the class from the specified name .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that adds the decorated function to all the elements of a stack .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  list   timeline
truth:  display   users

test:  valid the given ip address as a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  if   check

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   change
truth:  match   match

test:  register a function that returns the list of all items in the list .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   function
truth:  function   function

test:  calculates the jacobi number of n prime prime = 0 .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   symbol

test:  get the sending instance method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   null
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the most basic happy-path loop for hug apis using basic happy-path .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simulates the given user as a yaml stream .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  simulates   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  a unicode-safe helper to read the decoded .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new range chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  compute the minimum of a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that a django context .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  project   project

test:  returns all the default queues for a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  initializes   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  the cookie and the cookie that the cookie doesnt exist in the cookie dict .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  convert an arbitrary version string to a standard version string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  check   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieves known kind for all kinds of kinds .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  parses   parses

test:  patch the named member on a function triggers an existing object .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  patch   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a fixed-size field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python 2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the number of weight edges in the graph g .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the environment overrides dictionary to use for jinja jinja process .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves the command and return its root object .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  just return the given object .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  if   version
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the hosts that matches the given table name .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  retrieves   string
truth:  to   try

test:  formats a list .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  formats   float
truth:  takes   null

test:  check if shuffler service is available for the app .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  gets the bd text from the shared whitespace .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws aws :type registration checks .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  load a timeseries from the lxc columns in the found 2-tuple formats .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   load
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  the binary representation of this packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  calculate string with duplicate count .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume ref .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a string with a variable length .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  null   str
truth:  insert   insert

test:  the testing view .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if '/var/lib/tftpboot'elif is installed .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  if   null
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test filtfilt filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  check that system and passing the altaz system and without errors .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  given a callable function .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  evaluate   return
truth:  given   null

test:  if you want to wrong in the method .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  if   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  tell short-term unicode the given character .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  proxy proxy to an existing vm .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  take   null
truth:  use   use

test:  load this example and store the celery apps and store it from minimize .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  install   sets
truth:  see   null

test:  return denominators f in q[x] .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  multiply   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create a test folder for caching tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  flush   get
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns a method content with content in the same content .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  gets   method
truth:  add   add

test:  require the suggest language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   afrikaans
truth:  require   null

test:  execute a function with the given name .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  connect to the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  make plot and plot the datastore .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  int   a
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  return an id to a future message similar to a pull request if present .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  add   nzb

test:  resume an archive .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parameters schemas : theano schema the schema .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  known   null
truth:  import   import

test:  a many .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  null   up
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   users
truth:  processes   processes

test:  get the migrate database .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check whether certificate is enabled .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  check   check
truth:  given   null

test:  the address is not being underscores .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test stack .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a page with a list of tasks assigned to .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  view   tickets
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of directories in the master .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test that model can be loaded .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calculate the entropy of an expression .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if node can titles html .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a cache image .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a random id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the tpotregressor pipeline function outputs a fixed pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for the given activate file name .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split the list into a list of lists to get a tuple of elements .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of all ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  take the low list of low sizes and return a flattened list of low samples by the sentences and trailing ones .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read 64bit transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   64bit

test:  determine whether user registrations to the user has prereg registrations .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  determine   user
truth:  landing   page

test:  dumb a string .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  null   text
truth:  given   a

test:  parse http request or return a tuple .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   ntlm
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves the list to a dictionary .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  save   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a new entity based on the watch .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  return   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a list of all names' but their states removed cli example: .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  translates a string as a file valid .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert log clip parameters clip : array_like coefficients of setting coefficients .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  multivariate   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses an hex escape sequence in a replacement .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert a c{str} bytes to unicode strings encoded as strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  bilinear between two points crossover with input individuals and return a random string .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  file   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method will build out emails to complete for the specified user .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  convert an xml order of the given ipv6 address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the model extensions that have a number of extensions .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   try
truth:  test   test

test:  get default footer .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  retrieve   elements
truth:  append   a

test:  given a string containing a list of keys .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  given   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  given a list of the given axis .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  gives the text passed to a filename .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  long legged doji .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   star

test:  upgrade frappe processes .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  change   paths
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get an object .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  temporarily change the configuration changed .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  verifies   update
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert an integer to a single varint string .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  encode   a

test:  a storage view that expects a document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  runs source string to be ignored .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  am   source
truth:  to   function

test:  given a list .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  reset   new
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns all {'all attempts attempts to start with a subsection as a subsection set of members for the given block .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a theano matrix with elements of a and b .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  count   null
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a given blob to the encryption blob .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  read a presence from a source space .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  determine if segment ends with colons .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  process a single process for gradients .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  render   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  helper function for getting a single header in the context .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  internal helper to start a buf: reactor .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  null   a
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create networkx vertexes from instances into the collection .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   create
truth:  read   read

test:  simply compute a function using a .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  minimize   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  shutdown a running system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  halt   a

test:  find the supplied server by svgreader .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  serve the given course textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  export   null
truth:  display   display

test:  sunos the current program .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  to   try
truth:  load   openssl

test:  sets the given value to the specified value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets a set of candidates for an album object .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   musicbrainz
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  return the given comment type .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  return   return
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  on containing a file .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  null   file
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror and ioerror pid into nosuchprocess and pid .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  is a hash a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run the command .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  run   return
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting a feature featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the specified name is currently installed .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  if   a
truth:  name   name

test:  patch the correct database to amazon user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  get all groups by the given user and dashboard it as a tuple .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  get   list
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure that all models found .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  make   test
truth:  try   try

test:  wrap api .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  wrap   handler
truth:  null   decorator

test:  make telnet messages .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extra inputs to a numpy array .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a local server list of tuples .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parameters init_args a new version for the given exploration version .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses a valid element .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  copy   prints
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  save an image to the database .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  save   set
truth:  null   api

test:  return list of whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  package   null
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  helper method to load the server start with dirname .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  load   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  run js application .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  null   example
truth:  run   example

test:  test local path to local but cant make sure switch() .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the given user to remove host the name of the user to remove host to remove host the host
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  interval in waffled until the exception is expected .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  build a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  wraps   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  log log defaults .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  log   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check whether the current position in the background .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  return   string
truth:  open   open

test:  pull translated input to transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  translated   null
truth:  source   source

test:  check whether a phonenumber number is the region for a phonenumber type .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  check   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  lookup the checksum as-is <arrow .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  generator that preserves existing text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a timestamp in hour .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  return   base
truth:  parse   a

test:  collect the get the app token from the yaml depending on the yaml file system .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the index of an array .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that buffer values in fill_values should only replace matching columns .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create an order by using rather than metadata .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  if   check

test:  validate header in casava or iterable which contain described in np .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the specificity accuracy of two this class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  return   configures
truth:  default   default

test:  a simple way to handle turning from string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  null   path
truth:  returns   a

test:  return number of elements in current array .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   nt

test:  create a chain specification for all names in the given id .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  map   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a theano shared variable b: a theano shared variable containing a theano shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when the collection errors is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return an instance of the given object .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  a view that disables cart from the user .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  view   method
truth:  if   checks

test:  build a node for a node via root .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  build   node
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given status is a lower passed in .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of key/value pairs .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  finds a series of form in *x* .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   compute
truth:  finds   null

test:  convert multiple fastq to multiple fastq data set by multiple fastq for linting types that do not used for data types .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  lists all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   socket
truth:  null   method

test:  moment a log file by replacing each time step with indentation moments .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that calculate_changes returns certain changes as individual to a certain state .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of the namespace name and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks if the urls should be allowed to the given wildcard .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  function   predicate
truth:  is   null

test:  register a doctest module .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  register   default
truth:  registers   null

test:  a single topic forum .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the z-wave server .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function kei(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  returns flowgram map from a flowgram map .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  allows   samples
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  normalize task name with an array .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   num

test:  the json page with json .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score and generate a predictions dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator that requires nltk functions .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  call   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  creates a compiled app .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  mock status is checked through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  null   run
truth:  are   models

test:  modify a value to be used in the form section .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  migrate   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  the uptime page .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  null   size
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a bottle application from a module and make sure that if needed .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  regression test for url .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   null

test:  build one or more sampling and validation .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip message .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  null   eip
truth:  null   vpc

test:  test that arguments? a non-regression scheme and that l{_parseserver} fails .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  add users with given name .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   default
truth:  add   user

test:  returns the machine currently being executed .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  log an event .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  log   event
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  initialize widgets containing admin signal and initialize the admin widgets instance .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an in-memory group .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  given   a
truth:  like   like

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  running gae failure dies through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes rows of the relative mean along the given axis .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  calculates   confidence
truth:  compute   compute

test:  locate a chunk of pids of saves which check the user is used as a list of --init; .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  locate   load
truth:  loads   data

test:  displays a file .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random string of "b" random bytes .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the graph for an infinite graph .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  uses   expression
truth:  return   return

test:  register an hosting by name .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   a

test:  given a list f .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  check if there are any reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  marks   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler for 404s .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  finds regex with xpath matches the xpath page .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  finds   truncate
truth:  using   null

test:  clears the user info cookie from the requestor .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  collect all ]finally ids from referents .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  convert a row from something to a dict .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get new version of a newline and end report .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a script with an argument script .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  get   decorator
truth:  code   code

test:  write a accessible method to a list of python source files .
truth: like write . 
test:  null   a
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds the operations adding a keyword criterion to the specified campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  gets filename in the log time .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  open   open

test:  prepare the markdown markdown extension .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  force all of the server as a dict() .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  derive   verification
truth:  null   null

test:  waits for the value to return true if the version is an error .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  constructs the specified interface .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  generate   blocks
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup configuration file .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the given node is a tree which the nodes passed to the native node .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tdef wiki documents .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the group name of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about a disk mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  report   report

test:  redefine to find out what sequences are returned in removing recognized .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  to   user
truth:  null   null

test:  check for checking auth auth auth auth .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a posix character .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  formats a number according to the current locale settings .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to stop/power off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  remove all containers that match the specified containers .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the system state of state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   return
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  get   a

test:  games helper for common games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  null   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns the number of unique netmask .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns true if the given object is a iscoroutinefunction generator .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  renders the template and pass in a given template .
truth: render config template . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  config   config

test:  fetch an object given its fully qualified name .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  load   a

test:  search for a block of kwargs .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  search   artist
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate a iterator of exception limit and limit notifier .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test product field value .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders which are created during the folders .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  calculates a class wrapping a wire version of option .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  build   build

test:  check if the file exists in the relationships .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  request   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  guess the content of a file .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  function   function

test:  test various crypt() validation .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   get
truth:  null   null

test:  these are the invalid these disk responsible from parsing disk .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  takes   one
truth:  converts   entry

test:  this function will return authentication article for a bokeh image .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  function   function
truth:  get   get

test:  set the global item in the global python object .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  call   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  major of an image .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  parsed   get
truth:  if   null

test:  convert the header in a header to a tuple .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for computing mocked model of iis usage .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  generate   store
truth:  do   one

test:  determine whether a mime type is an type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  split   mime

test:  create a new default header .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return instances and joins that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   backups

test:  a simple limiting test that the expected intersects onto an exponential fourier transform .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get a reset namespaces or raise an error if loaded namespaces are met .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  raises   checks
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a complete transaction object from the negotiate sql server directory .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  function to create our device .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  alternative relu implementation parameters x: tensor variable .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  rectified   null

test:  parses the python image description of a child image .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update an account from a new host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  copy a file or a folder and all directories into one .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns current current utc current reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a formatted for a specific pattern formatted by the given pattern .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  calculates an image rotation matrix .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a hash of the requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  download   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add the vhds to the list .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   add
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a volume list by an kind .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  monitor   a
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  wraps failure in failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  converts a tuple to a tuple .
truth: print returns . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main entry point .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  null   list
truth:  if   test

test:  ignores out jsonutils attribute with the given key .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the url corresponding to url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates contacts with a users separated .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   contacts
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents and negative signs .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load certificates from a certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  simple test to pd() cases .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  empty   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list of modules which contain the given path .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  converts   retry
truth:  does   null

test:  convert value to the given value .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  value   a
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for notification requests .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  compute mutual clusterings between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  adjusted   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class by its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a replace for filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  write   version

test:  helper to generate products in parallel .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  to   null
truth:  do   null

test:  sort sensor .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  eip eip invalid address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  show a query token of an http request .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  use   use

test:  compute optimal polynomial p of f .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the log of the wishart of the specified shape .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  calculate   bound
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher builds build failure from the build failure .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  traverses traverses to post-order interfaces .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  for testing programs .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the identifying of the dataset x and a saltenv .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  return   x
truth:  compares   null

test:  the inverse of a signed service name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a list of datacenters owned by multiprocessing .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   check
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  split a port and port into a list .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  port   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  given a list .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  given   x
truth:  return   return

test:  utility method to test the record we want to run this module .
truth: gui test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the vms id to use for the specified cloud provider .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a port cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  recur out recurring events in start and data .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  null   release
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  return detailed information for an active floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return a simple action on the simple action .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   details

test:  return status message .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the module from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper for finding logging to a stream using the given handler .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  split type from group .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  split   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all entry ids given a dict .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   one
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the given video path .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a path to a canonical path path .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  calculate otu metadata targets by otu table after the whole tree args: one tree of each tree increasing a dictionary of otu sequence .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  samples   null
truth:  make   n

test:  fetch target .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a user to the non-dominated user this function automatically set a list of available home directory .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a string using the given string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single character as a list of characters .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create an email object .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  authorize a cache security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  check   a
truth:  authorize   network

test:  create a widget that will work and associate the given tool .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  create   like
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort tasks that are the same as a string .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns the date from local time zone aware datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   timezone

test:  returns the minimum mb estimator .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  null   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey report to a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  serializing   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   load
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: generialized-ufunc this plugin allows you to define a game plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   core
truth:  null   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return ip address from a http request object .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  return a pickleable version of string .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  get   get

test:  remove special text in place .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  remove   wrapper
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns true if course needs to required to required a course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like html .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  function   display
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  extract integer data from nontrivial starting at data starting at position .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   return

test:  run a test with the specified args and properly .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  run   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a datetime of time zone aware datetime objects .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  by redis email .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  null   contributors

test:  an array with integral values from the supplied interval .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  orders index page .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  owned   index
truth:  index   index

test:  list packages .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  file   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  clean   up

test:  redirect from user and log .
truth: log out . 
test:  redirect   sign
truth:  log   log

test:  list media instance in media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  index   index

test:  return the indices of a vector .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  return   array
truth:  array   array

test:  returns true if the given user is currently configured .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given db is absent name the name of the user to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  view   a
truth:  display   a

test:  check if interface is currently lshiftequal command .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  reads any cached values from the given value .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  print custom role info .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  show   a
truth:  print   information

test:  load resource from file_path file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  content   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write an issues warning which contains issues and unwind warning if the inverse does not read from the specified warning should as a warning warning .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  write   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  value   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert obj to a json data structure .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  obj   convert
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the rackspace driver object for the given region .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert elements into a sequence with elements .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  iterate over the message and yields a shared collection .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  run   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  get a list of available package data for the specified package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  package   package

test:  returns a bad filter to be a bad filter in an existing filter .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  gives   null

test:  return an auth client .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   up

test:  also work for incdiagonalsubtensor .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  displays whether sleep button can sleep or off if power follow is on or off :return: a string representing the "restart settings :rtype: string cli example: .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  uninstall package with time .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  uninstall   wrap
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create a celery configure app .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  used   update
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate an ipv6 .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  access   a
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate a request at which a request request request request token is to be sent .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of classes in the given module .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator that ensures that the decorated function is supported in the function .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  handle pending view .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  signal   print
truth:  handle   handle

test:  context manager for django .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   in

test:  return the version of server cli example: .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   version

test:  return the current window .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  formats a string like 5 .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   return
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  callable a function .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   thing

test:  copies a dictionary into a simple types .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  confs all registered package ordering .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  place   place

test:  check docstring docstring docstring docstring are logical .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   a
truth:  revoke   network

test:  ensure that subprocess has write permissions to the available error .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  return   error
truth:  null   something

test:  check if the user has allowed to do post .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   runs
truth:  if   null

test:  split a classmethod by added in the given spm .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  null   distribution
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that expanding with no_input=true number in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  make   test
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current column in a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a iscsi from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get disk value of an instance using the configuration file object .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  return a just like contact .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  test +10 line stacked uuid .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  want   stack
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  take a single status string and return it .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  filtering   a
truth:  null   lhs

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert a raw byte array to an unsigned byte array .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  use   string
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  do lws nodes .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  take an xml string and return a result object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  take   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  add users to an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  add   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  execute a sql sql params .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   convert
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a four bit list to an rgba string .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  return true if url is a url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of operation on the server .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   monitor
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  check if its string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a ruby-metrics string to be used in django storage .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  get   a
truth:  string   string

test:  add an event object .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  list network interface .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the binary representation of this packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  sets an instance of :class:sessionstore in the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test if getting a single notification which should accept an unknown metadata .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  if   constructor
truth:  test   test

test:  takes input x remove join() transformation and remove notes mounting how to the integer functional your element is uploaded .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a new figure should not take place .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  create   enum
truth:  function   function

test:  returns subelements .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get an radius by radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin data useful useful .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a string from the given hash .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  create a specified kernel cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a single salt module .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  run   no
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of testsuite instances for all modules found in the system .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  return   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  does the version of a l{reactorbuilder} module have a definition .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  does   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new keypair instance and verify that the job is availability children of data .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns a new effort type for the given type of type t .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   core
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons log logbase parameters logbase : ndarray .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   certificates
truth:  null   provisions

test:  make a cherrypy service .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  make   request
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a storage file info .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get keyboard metadata for the specified volume mode .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  checks if any message without triggering a message with the tags .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  if   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  the weeks of the row x_i by the weeks process .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches all feedback entities of the given thread indexed by [exploration_id] .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  retrieve the first settings according to the f(x) settings .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  check that expired archive are not valid in history coordinates .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  check   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  renames merge merge definitions in new mode to be reported .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  renames   configures
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test specific directories using host and private directories in a simple view .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  make   tests
truth:  bind   bind

test:  convert multiple definitions in an index file .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  convert   individual
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof passing samples on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine if all methods of an instance .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize stream from a stream .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  prints all caught channels .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  show   a
truth:  print   print

test:  plots a deployment dict from upload data .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if the vlan interface is dynamic .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  writes one of the specified config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   line
truth:  writes   null

test:  a xcontent xcontent .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  null   default
truth:  return   a

test:  given the module .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  import   import

test:  create an s3 snapshot .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  this function converts a == 2 .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  arrays   reset
truth:  return   return

test:  download a requests request for a given url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the state of the state .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns a dictionary of genesis .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  read   read

test:  return a valid uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  return   method
truth:  returns   validation

test:  allow whether the object passed to a boolean .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary with information about destination configuration file .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  explode   null

test:  set the raid server is after the desired ['ntp .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  set   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse the expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a table chart using route53 .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  order url .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  index   set
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily updater thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  regression test for issue #370 config .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  half must have a unique singular value of subtitle .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  based   try
truth:  given   null

test:  given a simple model .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a options and outputs routes that creates a new _version .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  takes   attribute
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  tests the original string derived from 0 .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  if   self

test:  set lock type lock .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  activate   control
truth:  time   time

test:  parses a repository .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  send confirmation email using the specified stop email address .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  send   sending
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the folder name .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   string
truth:  get   get

test:  show all the figures .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   tests
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if number is present in the number .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  returns   strips
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the parent of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a bipartite matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a style style class .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  produce random string of "b" length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  in operation: .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   check
truth:  is   null

test:  search for an xml tree ntp .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to find a given node and return a list of all or assigned files .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  to   find
truth:  to   null

test:  parse a date/time .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of basic ips with .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  look   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of the given namespace name and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return length of zero-crossings data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  return   benchmark
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the versions of the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  step rules are either the beginning of the next :arg suffixes rules .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  run last cross-entropy system .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  filename   get
truth:  run   run

test:  like node .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   node
truth:  like   node

test:  if necessary filters .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  configures   configures

test:  run a template .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disable the gpg .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  return   a

test:  quote numbers starting at specified argument .
truth: like zip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  validate a resource view name .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a 64-bit size in bytes from a human readable format size .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   partition

test:  given a sqlite model .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type check .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears out all registerd layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   state
truth:  clear   null

test:  decorator that checks whether numpy arrays with specified dtypes .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate all registered ftperrorsif .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator that is unicode .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  return   check
truth:  object   object

test:  custom spam wrapper around image_name .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  null   up

test:  convenience function to ignore keywords for a string .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  show a subset of item by name .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  show   display
truth:  filter   a

test:  return data as a tuple .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  loads and returns a compiler tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test surface view for surface .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup a streamhandler .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  setup   logger
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  construct an object holding a time .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  teardown any file .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the top images in the given name .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  import keys in private key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  finds   elements

test:  return status code .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  take   append
truth:  null   null

test:  update 32bit vote votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   a
truth:  keep   null

test:  decorator to escape :func:dumps .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get header value from the response object .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  dumps screen info from a file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  files   python
truth:  reads   a

test:  extracts the path to the specified cscript .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: mask-passwords hide results for event jobs .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the value in bytes .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  chisquare chisquare test the null hypothesis is invalid .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  null   size
truth:  null   replacement

test:  set up the tcp binary sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a stream of comments as a separate test .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  catch   enable
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generate normalized transformation of reason .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   calculate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a new dict .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given the package name .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones an existing virtual machine call .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   null
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be running .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator that checks if the user is associated to the collection editor or if user is not associated with a collection user .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  force any cached queries and .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  force   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  note path of sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  copies   test
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches kumaraswamy and intersects except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  invoke   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  initialize the readers object .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  kludge   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test that expired double ['*test exceptions .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  create a dictionary representation of items .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a random binary tag .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  stub view .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  close   function
truth:  check   check

test:  returns unique index object .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   populate
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure that you call func with no plugin links .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return the return a single jid .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  hashes a string representation of a tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  check   reference

test:  given an extension code .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  mark   key
truth:  unregister   null

test:  takes a network and returns the contents of a dict .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  called when a buffer should have been requested .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return the id of the pbkdf2 data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  return   data
truth:  read   pillar

test:  returns dict of minions .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  gets   current

test:  creates a random column of the given length line .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the name of this sdk is enabled .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  a view that returns and an empty response as a json-encoded string .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  view   list
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   register
truth:  mark   mark

test:  cache the cache for the source file .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  cache   source
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract loop from corresponding to loop .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  loop   get
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  helper for adding a logger to the logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  add   a

test:  dynamically load a checker from the given tree .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return a dictionary of all elasticache connection .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  return   get
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  if   load
truth:  work   work

test:  frees a list of available audio output status .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  release   null
truth:  frees   null

test:  returns a entry from the specified kind .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieves the user state from a user .
truth: check acls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return j][ communicability for all nodes in g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   subgraph
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt plaintext and return plaintext object with aes cipher .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  create   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  calculate all for a sequence of elements of a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if the dynamic parent against the quaternion .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  if   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a positive .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  nearly nearly permission checks .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  adds   up
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  return true if the filename is a code object .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  is   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  simple wrapper for callable_obj .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if we can generate an unfulfilled executable that has a executable .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of patterns .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  patch   patch

test:  check if the user has profile .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage dirty bit for a resource and multiple data .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   data
truth:  set   resource

test:  return absolute database info .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given assignment and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  convert a binary vector into a list of binary values .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  memset tcp memory by the given module .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  maps   callback
truth:  fill   fill

test:  build and return service account instance for a dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the polygon from the module: .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  returns   summary
truth:  construct   null

test:  like admin .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  like   api
truth:  null   decorator

test:  countwhile generator for the file-like object in chunks .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate a random string of "length" characters .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  convert rgb image to rg parameters shape : 1-d array epoch of hex values instead of wcs returns jhyperstack : rg or updating a tuple of rgb values .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  convert   type
truth:  return   shape

test:  complete context .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  context   a
truth:  to   null

test:  store an submitted message status .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  requests   mail
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stops the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parses a soap enveloped tree and returns a dictionary .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  make sure app is in reverse .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  a dummy app object for printing the user .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  register   a
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  returns a list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  calculate sum of number in a string .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  count   count

test:  get points of the threshold matrix .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   corners

test:  check if the given request is a 'kbforum-post-min' .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  if   method
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a copy of metadata .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a remote module url .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  module   return
truth:  module   module

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   formats
truth:  return   event

test:  create a node and add it to an regex .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate data count from the given data .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  clip a sequence of pairs .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  taken   reject
truth:  return   a

test:  return an issues role given a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  return   link
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the arwn component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  set   start
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails configure one retry from one build steps .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   objective
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered pair .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  like open .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  like   file
truth:  open   a

test:  checks whether we are installed .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  reverts a previously used to create an image summary for snapshots .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  reverts   set
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal test .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the pilight sensor .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a view that is requested with get and is requested .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  view   view
truth:  null   dummy

test:  load a .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a fully suitable for the current thread .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator that ensures that the user is in .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  the system subdirectories .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  null   one
truth:  log   history

test:  convert rgb values into hex color tuple of hex bytes .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  change   a

test:  given a compiler class path .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  potentially apibuilder an expression that is a string .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  is   need
truth:  exception   exception

test:  check picks array or sparse vector .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  compute   check
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to scroll an element with element with the explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  to   null

test:  return 'string'} .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  structurize the trees in a cdao file handle .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  breaks   up

test:  convert a number to a luhn string .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for functions that are subsets .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  fetch the given image path from a file .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  function   function

test:  conditional function used in flocker feeds .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return the string to be used in a url .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   something

test:  a decorator that asserts that a validator doesnt always fails .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  provides   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  return a string with a given identifier .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the script/style and labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  null   a
truth:  show   image

test:  query of all mschema groups .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a string as a simple simple post-hook-method-name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  regression test for url .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  see   null

test:  replaces the given string from the tree .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  # the module-level imports .
truth: internal function . 
test:  running   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert all non data structure to a dict .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a package if it doesnt already exist .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   a
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  add faces role used in gf_csolve .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  add   close
truth:  correct   correct

test:  load a private mark it on the current instance .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  load   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  convert logger from python module or raise an exception if logger doesnt make it exists .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  retrieve   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  given an app model .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  output of a django template .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  call   render
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the modules output ressource and the dictionary to not introduce .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compute the correct kind of function inside a single dimension .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  call   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set attributes for a given tenant and the given tenant id .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  delete a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validate cache with default currency .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  load   validates
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  helper to get hierarchy .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  run   find
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether a path exists .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  check   a
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  null   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions for all databases .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return true if path is a folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a string representing header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an array like arr but with elements permuted .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return a volumes node for the given volume .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  function   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  is the return default .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  is   null
truth:  identify   values

test:  all active widgets .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  add   a

test:  split the source matches in the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  convert redundant newlines to cosine minutes? interface .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup argument parsing .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   replacement
truth:  setup   argument

test:  returns whether a string is a string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  fake   fake

test:  gets a locks xml element by the path and maps it to the output .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert have? to ensure that git-colas parameters frame : array_like or none .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  signal   signal

test:  gets a code object from saved coming .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  gets   code
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: 'ids' notify notifications within a resource .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   one
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator for fully fully created this works as a fully editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert hex color into an integer .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  get the user for a given partition partition or id .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  retrieves   try
truth:  get   get

test:  return a capability: message .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  return   null
truth:  email   email

test:  word a string for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  map   quote
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the path to the repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively finance string .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   store
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return a intersection graph that can be used in the test[dependencies] or its nodes .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  note: note: languages and yield topics .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the generic filter only for training a given list of calls .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  make a dictionary from an item .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  make   warnings
truth:  convert   a

test:  gather the proba and the bestlrmodel hash in the model score .
truth: train model . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  model   model

test:  remove a previously added reference to a subclass of logging registration .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  read   a

test:  updates a job fire request .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  encrypts   master
truth:  fire   fire

test:  return an empty dtype for each operation make sense to match an array with the given args .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   tags
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  if arg is a list .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  if   arg
truth:  joins   a

test:  checks if the given code should be equal to the other integer tokens .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  retrieves   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check if latest package is in partial package version .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   null

test:  test that table is properly escaped on py3 .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  doing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the individual info .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of sql statements that can be used to perform all django statements in the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to make a task out context as well on a dummy context .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  to   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to return the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a view that is used in the setup page .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  build a full client and mock modules .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   checks
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that a value is an integer .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a fresh copy of the given user .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a file to the index .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  specified   null

test:  return the generalized value .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  run pid on single module .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  calls   calls

test:  loop and return a specific flag name by name .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  determines   check
truth:  check   check

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  override an input variable .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  consider   return
truth:  null   null

test:  convert strings to unicode objects .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data to a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   calculate
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  a parsed parse() .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  null   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return the path to the installed python versions that match the .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gather   details

test:  a helper for bundleadaptors .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  view   regex
truth:  patch   patch

test:  test if a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  if   return
truth:  note   in

test:  returns a list of existing data .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  adapt   data

test:  make sure any arguments from the command .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   contributors

test:  default messages arent django .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  null   example
truth:  test   test

test:  when a file already exists .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  given   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process show version using device .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  show   test
truth:  show   show

test:  extract command from the command line .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  extract   testing
truth:  match   match

test:  upload the multipart source file into de-cryptable .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  generate   -
truth:  -   -

test:  report report labels when the target result of target is not in the breadcrumb .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  report   test
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  histogram and print summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  only load if js is inside js component .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  get trace backend class by name .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return a specific dashboard .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   alternate
truth:  write   one

test:  set unique stable vectors .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  encode message to emit with given arguments .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  null   function
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  verify that rbenv is installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  merge two sequences of input arrays .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  merge   prints
truth:  ordered   null

test:  fetch an archive into orange .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  moves   directory
truth:  download   download

test:  return all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  return   show
truth:  show   show

test:  get scalar order id based on sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  get   a
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  validate the rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  validate   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  half the half of a vector from a particular vector .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets and formats data from weeks ago and formats data .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  computes the vdims .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  produce   a

test:  aggregate a drilldown factory that takes a drilldown cube .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  purge raw jobs from the old jobs .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  pulls   null
truth:  called   in

test:  decorator to create a configuration node node in volumeservice .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold value for each pixel .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   return
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  get all activities for a given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines before and trailing whitespace before and trailing whitespace characters before and after into a single line -
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method to patch into a result instance that recognizes the errorclasses attribute and deals with errorclasses correctly .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  the mqtt bit of the pid is registered with l{registerreapprocesshandler} .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   a

test:  this function is used to create a transaction id for a backend .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  null   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  accept the func2 .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  choose   null

test:  check if the module is actually a course .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns front used to store this store .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  performs a observed smoothness on the maximum of the given number .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function to values of d .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string referring to an json-compatible file .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that theres no modules that the passed in the installed_apps list is valid .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: convert check results from scoverage convert plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   place
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a url and returns the content of a domain .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the argument part for a single command .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  refresh usage and create a given resource .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   quotas
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return the list of variables within a corresponding list .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  the memcache configuration .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  null   start
truth:  start   recording

test:  will use the published posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  make   runs
truth:  update   update

test:  creates a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate an md5 pseudorandom size .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  create   a

test:  returns an maximum maximum distance between dynamic arrays and r .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  guess a list of unique elements of a string .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  translate   column

test:  disk image types are used to determine image within block stack .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> /path .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a list of all empty versions of the specified file .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  increment   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creation sending a sending draft as complete back to the user .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a function that returns a statement specification over all of the missing statements in policy .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  check   update
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that argument is true .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary with tuples .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sets   a

test:  request - post 2 .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  request   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert ratio where we can dst and dst to an array .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to calculate the root device .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  attempt to clean a directory on the filesystem .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  null   null
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  run a file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  run   function
truth:  process   process

test:  sends a parse request .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  sends   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  given a dictionary mapping changes to default content map .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  given   create
truth:  make   null

test:  process a remote ip .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  to   null
truth:  command   command

test:  there is no external *individual* function .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return unicode .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  update an metadef object .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  return an object that is currently instead of dask bytes with identical bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the named tuple .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  bubble array .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   null

test:  return the average of the two functions .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  list all matches from the given record .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given club dictionary from application dictionary .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test parsing raw events .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  return the llamalab service notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  set   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the binary sensor .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  resolve a machine by name cli examples: .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  looks for a url .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove file .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  plot legend for a single large source file .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of attributes matching what has already been used .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  import the migration of a module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   a

test:  for ajax computation .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get all of the manifest .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  get   function
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate a google cloud playlist validator .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  has   null

test:  convert a table of event names to the event guess .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  convert   indices
truth:  publish   null

test:  send an {u'accept' to a reply .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  send   return
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   image
truth:  detects   logos

test:  dummy function to calculate the specified function .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate discrete features should never be discrete .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it or property doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the cpu fields for the object .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  supported   return

test:  parses a string .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  create   try
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if we are present in a valid project .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  stop and start the blast_db cli example: .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  write data .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  write   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  moves a temporary file by one or more pathname .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  moves   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  remove all urls in the given url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  simulates   return
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a multi-dimensional list of pdf events .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a table of apropriate bindings with the given table metadata .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  remove qubit cms .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  export   home
truth:  null   home

test:  fill a list of sequences in a bunch of lines .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the relative url of the buffer .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  reset a development environment .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  takes a string for valid dict or list of [x]html names .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  takes   whitespace
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  generate a readme for a repository shed to retrieve the type for the received shed features we get in a readme at a owner .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return entez entries .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   a

test:  helper method for storing etc this is a wrapper around html/latex_output_graph .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  convert a path in preview notation .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  install an image in the selected flavor .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  install   null
truth:  base   base

test:  the lower triangular ahead of the given socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  get a dictionnary or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  calls s6 .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a new base32 encoded .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a member of the provided organization .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure that bin directory exists and return its path is available .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  make   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  convert a string or location into a string .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  turn   a

test:  return a suitable log message .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification event .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  show   system

test:  a wsgi link for making a link .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   link

test:  a contextmanager that creates a temporary directory and set it to a temporary directory .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  given 2 .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  given   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest file in srcpath and dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  generate find_config_files objects from a file-like object .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  generate   check
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign a module to the rendering version .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that makes sure the flask tests have been run .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   testsuite
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  return the month date .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  list the named package refresh a refresh package refresh force a refresh refresh force a refresh if set to true .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  list   a
truth:  download   packages

test:  return the default value for a site .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   configuration

test:  list all of the hosts .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   get
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an existing tree and refresh the user view .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap the local dictionary to be the local output .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  resets the users token for a request .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   updates
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns user and author details .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  return   user
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  filtered rest controller - used with date:yyyy-mm-dd2016-08-09 for any visible - used .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  filtered   page
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link content to url in the site directory .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   content
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate loss .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  if   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  creates a function that returns a parallel timeout .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   element

test:  create a template that renders a form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  translate one ipv4 message to a git version .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  manage   paths

test:  returns the key key for the memcache key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   entity

test:  return a list of the specified kernel module .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of all registred module names in the mne cache .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  download and install mobsf for mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  download   *
truth:  create   create

test:  batch a batch of points .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  splits   x

test:  get a individual unit specification from the same unit as unit_propagate .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  provide   get
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  assert that problem_raw_score_changed start with respect to *n* notifications .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create and return a new equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a commit commit with given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to extract the qual_out_fp: field from bench .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  injects   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  return a context manager that tests the current test modules to each test modules .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  checks for zpool .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  print out the resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  project delete confirmation view this specific email on post .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  project   notifications

test:  import and return the module .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  module   a
truth:  load   load

test:  converts date in utc .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  map linear vector to be used in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  map   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper for aws description .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper to add a function to a string .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  to   a
truth:  match   match

test:  return debug stats file system .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  return   parameters
truth:  read   read

test:  test send data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  check   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of used in current working directory .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   try
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: cucumber-reports execute a block command .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  a wrapper around the source file command line tool filename given by the template name and the avatar .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  take   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return default list for observances .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  return   output
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve a host and host to that do not present in the given ip address .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   host
truth:  create   new

test:  a wrapper around sys .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   import

test:  verifies that compute the state given key type .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verify   user

test:  error helper for both the func2 .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  yields an iterable of iterables .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  transform a pydot graph to pydot pydot graph .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  works   null
truth:  create   a

test:  unquote with authenticating .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  null   in
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  default entry point that is the first item .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   virtual

test:  helper function to get a category setting from a category setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  load a neighbour module using the given object and alias .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  create   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  html execution of facebook esxi .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse string start at position start in start in start .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  sign a string representation of a long point .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a equivilance 2 singleton value to its value .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  convert   swap
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that any files that any files that are using the _ function we need to
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the content of a filename .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  return a random string of the sparse stochastic matrix with the same number of flags being used for each row .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   callback
truth:  do   null

test:  return true if *obj* is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets the console data for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create the argparse line .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  initializes   create
truth:  create   create

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   add

test:  get a list of information about each host in the ret['services'] .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  get   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  return the location of destination ips in the host .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns last error message from the thread which this function .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  test test .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given localename encoding for the current locale .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  finds and returns aparam symbol .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  finds   strip
truth:  use   in

test:  create a new component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  create   null
truth:  function   function

test:  saves a given user as an item to stdout .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  code   code

test:  write the string to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  write   redirect
truth:  to   null

test:  test that masked masked masked masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a url has cache .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  temporarily change a fragment of code that is a custom environment .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  patch   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  checks if the pointer is an instance of the rat class .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the current comments formatted from comment .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a dummy loader that attempts to make changes to first log output .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  html configuration .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize a new empty nn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  run an exception in short .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  run   null
truth:  to   function

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  is .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   function
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that a user is the returned object that can also usable as the returned object - that is the returned object .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return id id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   complex
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  builds a copy of integers .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a list of complete segments .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   page
truth:  return   a

test:  set mock statistics to mock node .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  set   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replace and image instance as json .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a value to the appropriate type or raise .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  value   value

test:  given a tuple .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the user for the current thread .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  extract the authsub headers from the request types .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  return an object with an attribute for each conf parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  check if the current media player is seekable' .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  start a file filename .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter api limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  compare that a review attribute in the expected .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a version of a sha string .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  parse a ~astropy .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the first element that we linear move to copy .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a libcloud driver driver object .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   none

test:  return a random subset of an entity token .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  return   return

test:  adds settings to the reference .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  return   return

test:  patch the full branch to the latest branch .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  default get_id .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the preferred preferred output .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  checks   admin
truth:  edit   edit

test:  elementwise isnull isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  is   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test that int division is preserved .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  stop all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  return   load
truth:  stop   stop

test:  a validator that just contains all of registry .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  null   function
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   categorical
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a usagekey .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  usage_key_string   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  from github issue describes the table fail if it uses the same encoding as tables .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  make   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  grab a client .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  try   try

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   pairs
truth:  if   null

test:  update a node .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return all users .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all new-style tests in the module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the input dimension for each pixel along an axis .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  initialize fields to sdb .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  set dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  checks if _item_ is iterable .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  given   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return whether the user has common modules .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  the standard normal distribution function .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  null   density
truth:  training   training

test:  gets absolute path of the absolute value of the python path .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   try
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to reset username from username .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  to   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve stylesheet from django-pipeline .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  calculate optimal optimal name for a [0 .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  calculate   generate
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  convenience function for simulating .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   register

test:  update translations from file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  translated   create
truth:  translated   update

test:  converts stata types to numpy dtype .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   hex
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  validate and validate valid white space .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  update additional variables for the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  matches each input string .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  return   return

test:  utility function to find operation on a feature .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get preferred environment preferred environment .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes the local cache directory .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  object   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a new batch and removes the given recipients .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status of the local peers the local peers .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of random sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a file .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds start proxy settings .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  config   config

test:  returns a dictionary of email collections .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  adapt   get
truth:  is   null

test:  prints user has a given attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a numpy array with the given labels .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse stack variables from the repo .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  loads all modules from a given directory .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  'blob' -> follow_symlinks .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  input   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate and return a global alias for the event or vi .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  on password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  fill intersections of the loop with the x .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  add   add

test:  return a human-readable string representation of the given dbkey .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  convert a given path to a valid returnoutfile path .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  resolve   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  buckets all attachments into filename .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  file   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns a human-readable object for display .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  update a repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   changes
truth:  update   update

test:  offsets -> creates a connection object that will return the result of the given zone .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  send   a

test:  return the latest time left by the snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  return   set
truth:  pick   pick

test:  convert combinations to target .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  return   return
truth:  slices   a

test:  returns a list of language regions for the given region code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get flipped path from loop .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs for specified qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  list returner .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  to   a
truth:  establish   a

test:  get the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return a list of valid jobs cli example: .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  reads the object from the global sublime reads from the description .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  handle mappings for 32bit .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  validates   checks
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   query
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  tickets filtered by user .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of availability .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  generate paragraphs pairs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper around jinjas that this function will match a collection from the site_query without changing a single field .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  convert elements of a tuple to a tuple .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  takes   integer
truth:  describe   null

test:  parse given message in javascript message .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of tuples in anchor_list .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  convert unix ticks value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  updates the module with the given module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return running iterable of numbers .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  split   compute
truth:  running   running

test:  count the md5sum of a cache filename .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a specific value from the keystone field until because they are compatabile .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  request   use
truth:  module   module

test:  filter embed known by a given known known support .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  return   return

test:  prompt an item or a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  migrate a database that is export manager .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if we get a copy of the given urls calls .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger object from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames style names into underscore case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  merge an iterable into a single iterables .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  return a list of enabled queries .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  get   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns an iterator over the first element in a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a dictionary of input definitions to be used in the user .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  reset   data
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a hypothesis session cookie by name .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  null   set
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  get_home_dir() for mysql logic to ensure that the set .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  using   registry

test:  save members given migration .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  save   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  update an existing store_fs for pootle_path .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  update   test
truth:  create   a

test:  extract attribute names from iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a matlab with a 2-d image object from spline .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  null   init
truth:  null   spline

test:  make command line flags into an flat list .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   a
truth:  command   command

test:  build history list of history definitions in history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  build   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that [1 image dont crash for file .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the default shell of the user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return status code .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   show

test:  create a special version of a text string .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  create   formats
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorator to turn a decorator into a wsgi application .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  normalize path components into relative directory .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  normalize   directory
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a string of limit instances .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  does   null

test:  encodes from integer .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  simplified   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns a list of total objects and number formatted for seconds .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  see   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run in a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter list .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a filter representing the arguments of a tuple .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  return   host
truth:  assuming   a

test:  perform a process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  null   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  return a list of all known services cli example: .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  look up a service in the named vm .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  look   a
truth:  show   properties

test:  daemonize existing svm_model .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  null   close
truth:  run   a

test:  make sure a user can be used in custom and populate it .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  make   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: urlscm poll a tuple for urlscm via a build .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  display a rank of all registered in the import command .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  show   dict
truth:  point   point

test:  cast grouped by grouped .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  null   x
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the size of a make .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return list of all available projects .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache the given cache so that path is stale .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for filters which is used in testing for testing purposes .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  ignore   decorator
truth:  construct   a

test:  build the environment from the root directory .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  build   nit
truth:  supply   null

test:  return the best match between two numpy unit a and b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  used   null
truth:  get   get

test:  all files and delete mode .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  compress   redirect
truth:  call   call

test:  check if current compiler calls another knowledge .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  if   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  encode requests that is an empty response with a zmq request .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  view   encode
truth:  generate   a

test:  reset forwarding refs .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  outputs the given path with the given signature .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  outputs   function
truth:  null   null

test:  private method to generate a verify that wants an argument .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query a log .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  send   query
truth:  query   a

test:  parse http list into tuple keys .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the hypervisors of the input array .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  null   maximum
truth:  computes   null

test:  update pooling and update for digest et al .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  tuple   calculate
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  update the <= distance between two datasets .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  update   h
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  renders a list of html operators .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   load
truth:  renders   null

test:  raise fqdn if sock does not raise valueerror .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  raise   function
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  checks if object is a container object .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  return the newaxis]return of the probability module .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  return   try
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert a string to unicode string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   unicode
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be encoded or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   denoiser
truth:  filtered   null

test:  takes a backticks descriptor as a desktop .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  replaces   return
truth:  read   head

test:  split a string into a list of lists .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  split   value
truth:  to   null

test:  return 3 orthognal filter syntax of the paper: distribution .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  return   scaling
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume advance the iterator iterator with an unsigned ahead .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   delete
truth:  consume   null

test:  return a string of the number of seconds in the system .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  delete a whole .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  if   validate

test:  testing the output of a successful file with verbosity 3 .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test rs computations .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   regression
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns the information about all xblock words from the specified course .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test chart option .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   no
truth:  fill   fill

test:  return the status for the given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  convert a complex .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  get   get

test:  check if path is an os .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  if   path
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether a return value is in the range of zipping .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate an arbitrary matrices .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  skip a test if predicate is true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the given operator and reattempt the given microsite .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the windows time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  if   display
truth:  start   start

test:  return a dict of all available titles .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load server options for resource .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   image

test:  convert a parse/validate of float to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a list of info info .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return whether the current python identifier is installed .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack any data that will be used to unpack the requested format .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   list
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the scale dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new disk to the given disk or not this new disk password should be given by the given vm .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  create a dict based on the provided proxy .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  create   null
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  looks up a list of matches a search expression .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  lookup   return
truth:  search   a

test:  filter a zip zip file to a given filename containing the path .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  calls   outputs
truth:  compress   null

test:  used to gather an object to read only the fly ['*test modules when *name* is none .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  called   one
truth:  null   sessions

test:  returns a list of html attributes .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the english for a given word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decide   null

test:  given a user and a user id .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check for installed python module must have a valid version .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   test

test:  build a traceback dictionary from a http exception .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  build   a
truth:  function   function

test:  remove invalid django variables from the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  cleans   context
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  generate controls and kick using root .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  fix   validates
truth:  controls   controls

test:  install hook if path should be open .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given an iterable of services and a collection of services .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a put api request in cluster .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves first order mu differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   function
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the pexpect int from writing output brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  disable   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  install setuptools for installing .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  null   node
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the value into a single space .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  perform the two examples .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user names .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  check   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this differs files in a specific configuration file .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  exit   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  return a generate string corresponding to the keyword arguments .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  if no volume is enabled .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  format a list to a series of lists .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  format   list
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get the first value of the word in the word line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  create a computenode and populates the values with the most recent values .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieve a list of accepted applications for the list of files in the list of synth:<params> directory .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced and delete monitor type .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  check if utfbytes is utf-8 encoded .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid sign number for the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  return - 0 .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   a
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available rules .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to a file as a pid .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  add lines to the beginning of the given logger .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   a

test:  inner root of n .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  null   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  url turning keystring in the year .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  parses the quota report generated by grains .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  function   loop
truth:  report   report

test:  write the bokeh version and inputs the version it .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  writing   null
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: ini' this plugin allows you to html jobs .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   email
truth:  null   tox

test:  a scenario within a scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   description
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test numpy .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  cross-platform -> path return a number of embedded path .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  null   path
truth:  converts   a

test:  adds the url to every tag parameter .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to python dummy .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  does the details of a step type .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  does   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a referrers wrapper around creating a module .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add vector3 vector3 should be converted to vector3 .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   assembly
truth:  add   add

test:  simple wrapper around namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  null   service
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the response 200 was returned with the given response 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  execute a sql query and return result as list and handle parameters odyssey : result .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  given   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy parser from specified package and copy it to parser .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  specified   close
truth:  persist   parser

test:  sort the oauth extension using a list of topic .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  obtain the docstrings from the whitelist and verify that we can be removed .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create a configuration from a configuration .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   a

test:  open file at path .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   try
truth:  open   svg

test:  unpack a generator which d_months chunks from escape' .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  converts the cell node to a ast .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  attempts to handle a com interface for a given interface .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  verify that a file has a pem certificate pem .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache directory .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  returns the most recently added in the given word .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   shell
truth:  clip   a

test:  karma'] command .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  am   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return error raised by bower .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  check   null
truth:  m   m

test:  return a list of uid to a users incrontab and how to be committed to a users crontab for a users username and writes it .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse up from mapreduce and find conf directory .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   directory
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator which skips a test if unittest is unittest .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list the path of all files that match the path .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   os
truth:  iterate   null

test:  detect whether the logger has been changed .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  toggle   null
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a executes object suitable for use in the importer .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts version representation to 1 .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  return   function
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate children] .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   list
truth:  validate   children

test:  command-line point for running pyinstaller call .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  command   section
truth:  create   create

test:  return picture object and determine the availability of given file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   output
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  format a list of all remote files to disk with a command .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  build an error condition for display a valid postresql .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a simple helper method to get the name of the classes .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   return
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process any new element and add it to the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  add   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] = b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a history file .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the bitmap in the wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  convert   runs
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  for testing .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the python module identifying an theano memory .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   memory

test:  get a list of configured events .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return an instance of physical config file .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get an sm backend for a given sm backend .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  look up a iqn based on the target number of volume .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  look   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  for host:port .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  null   page
truth:  log   log

test:  return a list of all rich rich objects that can be used to escaped in markdown .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  connect   connect
truth:  create   database

test:  installs the rvm for the installed vm .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  emulate   get
truth:  update   rvm

test:  calculates the absolute host svd at center_nodes standard deviation given by length .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  model   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams stream to none and return none object .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   generate
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify given mode is mode .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with the top number .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a new documentation based on the user documentation and stores documentation .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  annotate   a

test:  wraps backward certificates for backward compatibility with settings .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  add   in

test:  quote the windows lines of a single line in the iterable header .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  strip   strip

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  remove   a

test:  shear country from name/module matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  return   matrix

test:  makes variables along last axis was variables parameters xs : array_like .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  add the given notebook cell to the notebook .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  add   replace
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns settings of the given user and pythons values .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  settings   null
truth:  returns   user

test:  generate a header_name aes code .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix a module identifier .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  fixes   register
truth:  replace   division

test:  this method implements the event for a single event .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  null   blocks
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory to dirlist if 1) is not already in dirlist .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get the count of a container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   container

test:  execute the wraps component .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in user packages .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  build a tree to the specified commit .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two parsed phrases and dict2 .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  simple page without template but with internationalization .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  writes   page
truth:  generates   null

test:  utility method that returns the following attribute of value from value .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  null   method
truth:  construct   null

test:  allow a vfs path based on vfs .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  change   render
truth:  normalize   a

test:  itemstatus page .
truth: new item form . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   item

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for a prepopulated form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  provides errors for all errors .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  pass   pass

test:  stain fixture to rgb color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  run a non command .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount a package or remount if remount is installed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  mount   up
truth:  try   try

test:  runs a message in the rsa command .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  runs   option
truth:  msg   msg

test:  default function for a url and returns the content .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  function   works
truth:  test   test

test:  close enough and y for a release of addresses .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  close   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  calling __new__ on a class by calling common classes .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a time and returns a pair .
truth: create a node . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the contents of the long and return the contents of the file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  ping the given device .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  ping   print
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether it can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register definitions types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  register   register

test:  fetches the users output .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  fetches   try
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a callback for log and falling .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  assert that asserting a string is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a persisting to a query string .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   sets
truth:  query   query

test:  removes the specified milestone usage from the system associated with a prerequisite .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  for image backends - is not required for gui backends - show() is usually the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  null   show
truth:  show   show

test:  normalize up codecs and return its encoding name .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  normalize   up
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an exception object for a failure .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reads extracted from file and return as much header .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  reads   convert
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of acltoken for an n single sliced .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  need   need

test:  dump list of t2bfile requests .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  dump   view
truth:  render   a

test:  this state does the characters in a pretty user id or a default function depending on a user id .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  print   grain
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample and then smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  generate   image
truth:  smooth   null

test:  insert a new timer .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  insert   attribute
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  verify working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate numbers of username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  given a file system of the points that httplib .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  return   information
truth:  if   null

test:  get the local file functions and radian .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to rename a source and its files .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  to   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a string to a c-api .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  take   function
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the list of keys in the given version .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects to not found render the specified path .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  to   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test the fix for #2255 where empty strings were empty strings were empty strings on py3 .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a json formatted encoding formatted encoding as a list .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces whitespace character after default character with " .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  encode   encode

test:  helper to check what ica types are set .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  check   check

test:  given a dictionary of keys .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the details of a vm object .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert raising exceptions in python 2 .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  call   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  tiny -> str convert a string in ascii numbers .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  for each row defined by a given pci alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  debug   try
truth:  complete   generate

test:  build a file into a string and return the contents of the file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clears the given caches .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a random cloudformation size from the validate distribution .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether a particular repository exists in the default repository .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  check   context
truth:  context   context

test:  remove files under path .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  files   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a changes to node .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  to   request
truth:  saves   current

test:  decorates the current and returns a new collection .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the metadata for the current collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the locale for the current category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   null
truth:  fake   version

test:  simple inode information to generate a value for test_badoptimization() node id .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an authorization code .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   null
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  task that always want to call the module .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  build   html

test:  the start and end of a month for month .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  null   function
truth:  extract   date

test:  handle cgi handler - handle multiple parameter to the specified filter .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function takes a stream .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  replaces   custom
truth:  null   null

test:  set the default compiler of an object as defined in order of a notification .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  set   replace
truth:  null   inject

test:  this should be used in a django setting .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the region code that is available in this country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize a new platform file object .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  change   enable
truth:  function   function

test:  list the symbolic monitor .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  looks   function
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class with the arguments where interfaces is the class is the class and client
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  return list of active perl modules cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  we need to search for a given target search query .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  insert   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  randomly choose a random string in the same length as choices .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a string of triangular components .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create an image .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dict with keys summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set a new :class:module error for all editable .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  set   calls
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a sqlite3 header into a dict .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  build   a

test:  calculates the name of a dictionary .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  calculates   try
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get a password for the http server or backward command .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the process_jon function of order n with coefficients .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the traffic server configuration from the auth_strategy .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  get   null
truth:  look   in

test:  build a dict from a list of mappings into the unit for the given table .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast breakage events .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the matrix transformation .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   a

test:  this is a generic helper function to handle its type .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if latest token contains at latest and return the counts .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an appropriate graph from a specified key .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  cast a string to a native string .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  base64   a
truth:  if   null

test:  api endpoint request .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  request   null
truth:  save   null

test:  search the host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate constructor using constructor .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  send a quota server .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  send   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the number of megacycles used by api calls .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace any subquery characters found inside of the string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  rename a file path for certain images .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  files   files

test:  require one domain .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  require   null

test:  run a series of all the threads in the given thread .
truth: train a model . 
test:  run   null
truth:  train   a

test:  parses a dict of a dict of a dict .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parses   value
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generates svn compatible lines for the desired lines .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  generates   users
truth:  changes   changes

test:  convert the marginal .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   opposite

test:  kurtosis binary classification function .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  return   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  confirm our default prompt for tf .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  load   no
truth:  prompts   null

test:  check whether a image is any simple members for a random regression .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  check   output
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a package tag .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   one
truth:  parse   a

test:  return true if url belongs to a url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if parallel package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  tests some import bootstrapping on sys .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  see   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the list of markdown extensions that will be used for an markdown .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  take a string and returns the result of an interactive response .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  take   a
truth:  converts   layer

test:  a simple view that expects a specified context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  render   view
truth:  null   replacement

test:  create a average distance using the relaxed .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  install the hash .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  update   install
truth:  execute   null

test:  if a media has a control user .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an object given a mock test tests setup .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  provide   a

test:  get all console lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  save   set
truth:  show   show

test:  prints information about common pagination .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing the user from the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compute a cluster .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  check   io
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  parses the typedparameter inspect in the supplied stack .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  to   method

test:  a convenience function that supports version-based options .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  null   copies
truth:  run   run

test:  create a computenode and pass it on the slaves .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  remove all objects from the given node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  implement   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns an 1: for the current ctrl-c and returns an cabal-install if not .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   mask
truth:  return   return

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  find   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get synonyms status file .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  grab   a

test:  construct list- headers for given help' .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send reject after session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  return   schedule
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  register a new registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  register   null
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  like imediately .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  like   wrapper
truth:  wrap   table

test:  try to raise the timeout .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   a
truth:  set   set

test:  make sure that path and a list of components are unique .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  duplicate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a string .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  return a queryset to four validation .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a file into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  build a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  recursively walk a list of tuples by the entire list .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a sorted list from starting with given name .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   waits
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns an instance of the given dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  model   model

test:  fetches a submission to the datastore .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  download   download

test:  remove conference from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either an int or tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  ensures   info
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get the text with the origin statistics from the files in which begin with the file name .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve a json container policy client for a container name container name container name no internal logic to the container headers .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  talk   null

test:  an image type .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  is   character
truth:  null   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  get the source of a source file .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  converts the value into a word .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the pecl module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  accepts a string as a file .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vector3

test:  is the given domain and returns a handle to it .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  is   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns website .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call the given module .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   check
truth:  call   call

test:  ensure default these installation doesnt make model testing values doesnt choke up the original successfull by the original .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  check that jd1 from month .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  marks a function as typing .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  marks   sets
truth:  null   decorator

test:  true if the node is a rpc service .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  match   a

test:  this is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  null   no
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  return predefined error execution .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   null
truth:  predefined   return

test:  convert the given image and colors to a palette .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  given a list of fake files .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add a special printer signature for the given type and type itself .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is return true .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute x values between each non-negative x and y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  return a synonym object by name .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  time-varying time-varying style and performs a sequence of linear new letter objects .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to inventory .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  add one or all ssl certificate config .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  ssl   ssl
truth:  add   custom

test:  does html .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  does   filter
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries by adding new data from *dicts .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   a

test:  return a dict of policies are non-empty .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide views so it exists on left .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that entry_points .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a schema type type object in the schema given .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a partial container from a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list the currently installed header .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  list   predicate
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get a handle to a prosite entry at expasy in html format .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update items for child map .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  enable   run
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  null   os
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  get a default filename .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  is   file
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform a out_file value coercion necessary for ssl client parameters .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  perform   create
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the the full credentials and the remote host the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set a limit pattern to the many axes limit .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  null   pyreverse
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the minimum output of the given name .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  raises ioerror if database is not available .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return obj for given object .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  obj   code
truth:  code   code

test:  list all the currently supported language prefixes .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  list   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a default value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  null   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a template template template template and return a string .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all consistency belonging to a cgsnapshot id .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  makes the specified reference .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a configuration object .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  get the selected attribute of a jinja app .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  get   return
truth:  loads   a

test:  get rid of urls url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read tool_shed shared substitutions into lines of each line .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  build command .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  null   create
truth:  minify   +

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a test method that an snapshots of tests .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  rc4 decryption of encoded data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  display the scale dialog .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   display
truth:  analyze   a

test:  raise a global simulated upgrade .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return a dictionary of information summary and the version .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  set   null
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a gem user is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that installing from pip from pip .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  recursively iterate over the given axis .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  iterate   assert
truth:  stack   stack

test:  call -> dict arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for wsgi purposes this adds environ for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   up
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert abundance abundance list to a matlab return array .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  builds an selinux file system metadata should never be used via sources .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  test if a backend can be used .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  test   null
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure that its easy much type successfully .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  a module external by the external usage .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  null   information
truth:  list   list

test:  context manager that yields a file that atomically updates the tempfile .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  open   temporary

test:  print a file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  print   a
truth:  load   a

test:  produce a string representation of the given tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  implements the levi-civita symbol for a decorator .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses the optparse options for a list of arguments and formats them into a list of arguments .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  parses   -
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  build extra config .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  build   create
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  given a table name .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  given   custom
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  wrapper function that initializes func .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load assorted records from a file of text .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   a

test:  setup config for extended detains .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  config   default
truth:  help   help

test:  check zmq curve .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  discover   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object is a database .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  efficiently get total quotes .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  record   null
truth:  plots   day

test:  validate x along the entities that was supported by the linear axis .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  if necessary .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  compute the isfortran of a matrix in the previous frame .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the resource is inside a resource .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  null   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  if markdown is currently markdown .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves a separable order differential equation with separable coefficients using the first coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parse text from a single elementtree object .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  given   null

test:  determines whether a filename is a sdk head .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to amazon cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  helper method to delete the course_key from the corresponding course for a given course .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract module_content .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   module_content
truth:  extract   null

test:  stub command line .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  marks   parse
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  given a string representing the version of a list of strings .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  split edxnotes with low expression .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  split   operator

test:  new new knowledge form .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  quick check for a dns instance .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  check   pause
truth:  return   return

test:  return a path containing the sqlite contents .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   paths

test:  given a string .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  null   build
truth:  if   check

test:  expression_opt : expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenants cli examples: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function returns a list of updates in theano variables by calling the elements in theano variables parameters f : symbolic expression notes .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  function   works
truth:  null   gradient

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  return server to use as an links .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of product names .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that emrfs_args and derivatives go where clause .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  if   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   context

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   place

test:  collect and register a hook if it does not already exist .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  get   a

test:  test column groups .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the md5 hash of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   hex
truth:  compute   compute

test:  email email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  this function is used as rather than a start' exception .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  function   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return the number of bits a + jb .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  used to access a resource - used by cms .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  download all the arguments from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  adds a function by calling multiple keyword arguments .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  used for ctypes .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  manages   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  inject the root password to the path into a root password into the base password for the key specified in the admin password into the base of the admin password
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  load the device saved objects from a device .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  read   in

test:  load the appropriate plugin of kind from kind or the schemes dtypes .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  load   null
truth:  set   set

test:  only load on windows .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  validates   works
truth:  load   load

test:  convert snapshots to a set of filesystem snapshots .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  copy   contents

test:  comment: get or set the finder-comment of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  start   get
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convenience method for getting the current block to plot .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  close   close
truth:  constructs   a

test:  get sailthru list of available sailthru args: api_name: [string] force a new post returns: str: dict .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  check if creating the database has spawn statements .
truth: create the database . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the pdf of a gaussian normal assumes it is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  compute   loglikelihood
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  check if the given path is a windows container name the container parent file parent environment variables cli example: .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if the given dict is a dict .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  use   tests
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and season episodes .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  turns a short name into its name parts .
truth: if present . 
test:  solving   a
truth:  present   null

test:  return the path to the relative domain directory for a request .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  request object information directly from object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  take   null
truth:  results   results

test:  list currently configured organization .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  take a model .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  take   a
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get user info .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  given an event class .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  traverse   null

test:  get document data for locale .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  write   a
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register an image by its trophy .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  raises frappe .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   custom
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  creates a getter property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  creates   declaration
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a version-2 user attribute and creates a dictionary of data .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  the restful view for json .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   json

test:  show the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  returns   begin
truth:  start   start

test:  wale_syslog_facility is set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  decorator: dispatch a parent .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate one batch labels .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  casts   null
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  the default name should be used by type and installs it .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  mangle   a

test:  creates a random document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute the series p .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the axis multiplies input input input input input input input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  wrap errors within a line .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  write   connection
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with length n .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  to   warnings
truth:  show   show

test:  retrieves value from the datastore .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  retrieves   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the helptopic model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  this function indents for rfc-2047 .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the process for a fetch .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   state

test:  create an normalize_formset_dict file .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  create   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get the directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the owslib reference to the reference .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  if   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp modbus interface .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  removes html or a header .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  removes   share
truth:  builds   null

test:  produce a polynomial from the corresponding pair of h[monom] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  add   add

test:  entry point into another process handlers .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  check the current action in true}elif and set the cli example: .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  check   null
truth:  set   state

test:  find the singleton of the minimum node with vector v .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   representation
truth:  find   find

test:  displays a users by created its pagination .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  displays   query
truth:  display   display

test:  convert a number to an integer .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  convert   number
truth:  round   a

test:  a decorator for .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  new project form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  null   order
truth:  project   project

test:  wrapper around ctypes .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  null   print
truth:  raise   null

test:  delete a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return list of pattern in each string of flags .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  string   return
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  download data to a response object .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  install command .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  install   install

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   x
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a list of directories for each directory .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  make   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   transaction
truth:  view   a

test:  configures a list of users on the system .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  mark a blob as upload after the given number .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  adds a new task to the payload queue when a payload is submitted .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  a simple helper function to allow testing of the two arguments .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   distance

test:  create a valid filename from a string .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  function   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove an element from the pixel list .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   step
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return np .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  based   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server endpoint description string from an endpoint .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  template   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  add an argument to the type limit .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  extend   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  checks if the glob matches the given glob .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  retrieve response for valid url and return valid api message .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  an attribute type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test new register bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  setup   test
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given settings .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test datetime validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   date

test:  add some blocks in the response based on its vary version and return it .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  pick   a
truth:  add   a

test:  sign a field to a dict for a specific one .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  build   params
truth:  sign   sign

test:  extend to update state_changed time and fire events .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the trees in a python object .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  log trace for a hook .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  value   value
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  when a url is run in a plotly .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  callback   callback

test:  run correlation tests for grouped tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  finds   method
truth:  run   run

test:  given a generalized generalized loss .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  log   compute
truth:  squared   mean

test:  given a course_key and a cohort in it as set {%s}' for this course .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of all non-overlapping below the keys .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get and add logical logical handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  ensure   output
truth:  null   handlers

test:  attempt to determine whether alg is set .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  group any desired configuration from the group .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  take   metadata
truth:  bench   bench

test:  if the host is being valid and the user provided haproxy .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  the declares module name of a module by name .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  declares   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  return the windows floats in a buffer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  implementation of migrations which need to be used .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  returns   dict
truth:  get   current

test:  just like rms .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  returns   units
truth:  return   return

test:  generate dots dots .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   info

test:  create random string .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  rate   null
truth:  remove   characters

test:  loads item from the stream .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns the pbkdf2 hash of password .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a datetime value to the corresponding date .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register a list of resource .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  wrapper around binary format .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   function

test:  helper for classes .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a mode that performs a mode that performs a mode that can be passed to the given class .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses associated with the account addr .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  return disk tree .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  given   get
truth:  return   return

test:  gemm computing an outer-product structuring element on the output .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  computing   inputs
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the specified versions from the application .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  helper to merge the right dictionary from items to merge suffix .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  to   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  create a new module .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  main program .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  command   monitor
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write file interpretation .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  helper to bem bem subject .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   a

test:  caches the entire user and print search path .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  perform win32_terminalservicesetting returns a list of tuples available in the request domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  perform   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  partial array to a numpy array .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  create a class that enables objects .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  for matplotlib compatibility; .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json userstory as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  return a single basic path from s to a single node .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  read   pool
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  this is a bit nonstandard if a .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set available context .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  null   set
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instances into instances system_metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   properties
truth:  save   properties

test:  returns a deprecation sample of the reduced functions .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize commands history history .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  initialize   try
truth:  enable   readline

test:  liberally convert a string to binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt events .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  helper for converting a string to a read bytes .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  toggle the specified exception .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  writes   calculate
truth:  if   null

test:  returns true if the given method has any alert started .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  retrieves   stop
truth:  stops   current

test:  get a scalar for a scalar .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: fail if a feature has more than missing scenarios .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  null   syntax

test:  extract the header from request .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  extract   requests
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a version of 2d matrices .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  plots histograms with pregnancy label and oz .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plots   order
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check that pixel squared code with an mlp .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  check   test
truth:  constructs   a

test:  swap code current stdin output of a tuple .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   directory
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  make a list of exception added to a list of pairs .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  make   shorthand
truth:  format   a

test:  test release to pypi .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  test   check
truth:  upload   upload

test:  reverse an existing user .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  reverse   interface
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that generate commands for the current command .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot a computer computer checks if two computer checks the pending computer in use .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a multipart content structure .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a default language .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure that the right will be accepted .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  make   tests
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning from vcs from vcs url .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  checking   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  create a valid alias .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   home
truth:  module   homepage

test:  convert given bucket aware url to standard element-wise string .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  write   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  waits for a datetime .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  parses   try
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and first accepts the pattern types which will match first whitespace node .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  make sure that any possible to the markup functions are part of a particular zen-of-python .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  make   a
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns an exponential response-header of a list .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  executes a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the next header and return as list .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   get
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker control service on a cluster .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  compute the suffixed spaced elements .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  binding   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  returns a one of the many locations .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of all cache groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the path component used as a unicode string .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prepend   null

test:  given an email redirect .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  load   data
truth:  query   query

test:  finds one or more collection field with the given collection .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  finds   parameters
truth:  restore   references

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  checks if we have a shared tag for a shared code .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  checks whether sgemv is enabled .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  change   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a tuple of mag[ and zero .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  set the logging logging level .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  set   set
truth:  use   use

test:  get name of a bup by name .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  get   program
truth:  name   name

test:  create a new content-type .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  support the unix stub calls another stub .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  middle ignored state middle .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  select   null

test:  generate the access notification graph for a request .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test basic signatures .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  github   github

test:  does the specified handler etc .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  does   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  write all registered python files .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  write   redirect
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the commandsif flag for this process .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  document   hosts
truth:  error   error

test:  get snmp unauthenticated query query query parameters .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  null   update
truth:  null   null

test:  test the built-in servererror error .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  convert a slice .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  null   null

test:  if a module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  if   test
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  restful crud controller - used for map popups tabs .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   null
truth:  training   events

test:  decode a status string into an integer .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm time from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   student
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a collector['activity-by-hour']['smtp-sends'][date log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from words .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test tight_layout for image .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  set   set

test:  remove specified api ha request and other orders the specified resource manager .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  support   rm

test:  extract and return a container state from the supplied deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  remove circular channel .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  click   text
truth:  select   null

test:  create a cookie object from the subtype config or logout object .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  pad a multiple sequences for some complex code .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  pad   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  see   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  clear the path cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  for translation .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  yield calls x .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  return   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the disk size of the file .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts a django function that is used for showing in f .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  test whether a x is numeric .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   numpy

test:  this function is called by the decorated function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for a bootstrap object .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write source component to the network .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  process a mathjax script from a script .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  null   string
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a package in freeze .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of events of the provided events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  return   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  delete messages to delete global instance .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  return   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  generate "keys" with a symbol in order .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  callback function that helps the event print an event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  return   print
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager that silences the current window .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  context   null
truth:  used   null

test:  set the default group of user if the specific value exists .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  set   return
truth:  process   process

test:  derivative of the bessel bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts a true/false document to a specific true/false .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all images .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  iterate   string
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the collection index from the search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a string encoded base alphabet string - string: the encoded alphabet to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   returns
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge the given environment for a given environment .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper method to create url for snapshots module .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  git   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all titles .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  helper function to attach policy document for the specified role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  object   a
truth:  get   a

test:  if available .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the amount of running warning message with tk organizations .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  set out the given path in history: key file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  get   get

test:  activate the given types .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  null   output
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create a link for relative test data using the directory containing this link and parent directory .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute zeros of a channel .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test print/repr forest downloads from representation of representation .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  test   hash
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a review review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  raise error plus pseudo-inverse in a arr1 fashion .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  error   information
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment specs item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  load a list of all lexer classes .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the options line and return a list of arguments .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  allow a disk ip notification hook .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  simplified   returns
truth:  translate   rest

test:  creates a new s3 bucket name from s3 and will be created .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  creates   delete
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a restrict formatted prompt for a question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  returns   demo
truth:  ask   user

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  convert   checks
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string with standard signed peak error .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  simple wrapper around timezone name .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   returns
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  remove tags from a chain of tensors .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  remove   encoder
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns true if a and kwargs are clause .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  the dbref .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  construct a sympy expression from summing system and swaps .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  function   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test that the behavior gives squares characters in the same order .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this should be implemented this module .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a random list of length noise the size of the input stream .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  create a collection of iterables and generate objects .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  index   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the info structure for an account .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator for subclasses of a function or method for a handler .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the list of tensorflow image names .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  run queued in the expired events .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a document to a user .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  save the config .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   state

test:  tcp log length .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  create a mock job .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  create   null
truth:  run   run

test:  send each line in socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  update   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merges the hub message for the addon deployment .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  flag   home
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get last latest list for a specified repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  try to decode s3 type .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  decodes   unicode
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: when i run .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  convert a string from a file object .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that the value can be serialized as a key/value pair .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   table
truth:  existing   replace

test:  overrides typical squaring and start start of current start date .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  sets   function
truth:  returns   dict

test:  parse response for a given openid response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  returned   parses
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that match groups takes named scenario as match the output .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  use expr in expr .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  use   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  return the weekly .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  for getting the function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  func   func

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  this test gets a valid ]['use messages -- a ]['use to make sure the last batch of a specific index incremented .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a packet .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  null   informations
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create an rpc token to act as the application context .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  create   service
truth:  access   access

test:  gets the name of this group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   sar
truth:  null   exponential

test:  return a list containing the directory that contains the file directories .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller should be interactive by skill .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the own own meijerg .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  null   helper

test:  return remote file .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  is   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return a connection .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  l2 things .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  correlation   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  convert whether the given string is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  get absolute inset to a absolute which is followed by the major .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a tool has a definition that contains a isoread .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  if   tables
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  grid decorator that allows cart to handle the cart .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  is   a

test:  sort an order by half .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively remove all the layouts layouts starting at *node* .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  change   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the shape of a vector .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  give   null

test:  return matching the function signature .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue return them .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   one
truth:  pop   one

test:  adds an input .
truth: input data . 
test:  adds   binary
truth:  input   data

test:  run positional signature in segment_info .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  imports   property
truth:  if   check

test:  test checking from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  helper function to get gpg xml api .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a implementation factory for the single function call .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check whether we can get screen from the config file .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple view that is return view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a path to the given object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  potential system of a multibody system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   energy

test:  recursively copies complex complex complex complex .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  provides iban state .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab the job lock on job:table_sizes and call runonce .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  return a list of xml data .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  return   items
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  helper function prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  register a pairs of a vm .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the value of a variable .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   values

test:  set a set of entries and set of types in the specified model class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  return a list of symlink .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  default   default

test:  drops the tables from a database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  drops   up
truth:  if   null

test:  list the specified vms cli example: .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  list   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   service
truth:  start   start

test:  validate a valid auth key for the weights .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : postfix_expression unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  returns the list of errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  downloads a file for interacting with the forest for each file .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  change the virtual server needs to reboot .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  change   a
truth:  if   null

test:  add data to the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  to   data
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  checks to see if .
truth: check slug . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   slug

test:  search for any invalid characters in the string .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  is   return
truth:  search   search

test:  skip project names .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  project   checks
truth:  project   project

test:  get a list of engines for the given migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  parse a hash digest hash .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  given   a

test:  converts the parent to a fks .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the last modified date for the given traffic .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  get   get
truth:  guess   guess

test:  return information about the specified object in its binary order .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  remove   module
truth:  null   rest

test:  create data from a increasing structure with missing values in the apply to increasing or zipfile .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  get a version of users cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the android handler where the android context .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  this is a list of all events to edit over a page with the given events .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  is   form
truth:  null   page

test:  measure of the asymmetry of a random expression .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the acquires string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the filter in reverse to the right error .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parse a version string into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  checks for entrance test runner in the given problem .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  grabs   null

test:  do a test .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  extract an items dict from the items in seconds .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  template   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the vector3 path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the csm field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  does this expression have a unary character .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  does   searches
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute sigma corner measure response image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  compute   harris

test:  convert dict to list .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   a

test:  prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  set the dns dns response if it exists .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  makes   url
truth:  make   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  add a broadcast' loop .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  given a list of package names .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - generic covariance tests should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  check   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  check if a given server is running within an existing server .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ip   ip

test:  create a pair of ip addresses .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing a relative path to a relative python url po file settings .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   returns
truth:  perform   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  a extend send dry with categories .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  null   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  no args should show the command .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  null   character
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load a ucsc file .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   a

test:  produce a list of lists in l using windows .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   function
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  show details about gzip .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  show   os
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  checks a bug for the given version .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  specify   a

test:  return the current transaction .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   variant

test:  sets score for the value in this module .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a valid topic that is allowed .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  get the name of a directory containing information about current working directory .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  open words using the string .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  open   null
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate all volume types from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  creates a function by name .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  update   file
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the given url for urls .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: 'goals' builds 'goals' / :jenkins-wiki:github 'goals' goals in 'goals' .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   sequences
truth:  null   null

test:  same as register_admin_extension but for a controller .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  null   return
truth:  modified   version

test:  cast prefix to cmdmod .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  prefix   replace
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  makes a status expression or a expression expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unicode unicode instance to s3 .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  null   conversion

test:  wrapper for polar .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  null   character
truth:  check   check

test:  tests that the plane version is set .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if *obj* is a sequence of instance .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enumerator_list : enumerator_list comma initializer .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   null

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  compute   student

test:  finds zfs for an unrooted sequence .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an invalid signature .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  seconds   force
truth:  function   function

test:  compute boxcox thinning of a pooling distribution .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  fit the cell attributes on a vcenter .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  update   function
truth:  fit   fit

test:  check if were running on py3 for multi-dimensional and that the theano file system .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  comments are not accepted .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  replaces replaces weeks .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  disables performance of port .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  step   validate
truth:  validate   a

test:  parses policy plus session and then returns session names .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  djangos   try
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two elements of a and b .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compare   elements

test:  create a url for relative url .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check if there are or search for testing .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   try

test:  call this object and update the capabilities attribute of instance settings .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify weights from webassets .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  "'n'mustbeinteger" -> just the 3 to the fir number of positive making sure that the positive functions is 1 .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore all tables in table names over thirty .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  modifies   null

test:  return all synonyms files given by the directory this returns a list containing all synonyms matching directories which should be removed .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a new collection count number .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the histogram for presently bindings .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  makes an protobuf protobuf into a protobuf object .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator to support unique extension by name of a training extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   list
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  create output of an api call .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  create   null
truth:  command   command

test:  converts iterable sequence .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   method

test:  make sure that the statusbar is cleared and none .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  set default headers and .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  default   default

test:  get current the inspect and scatter node to get its keys .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  get   tests
truth:  choose   null

test:  ensure that keys and info are not none .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  null   test
truth:  files   files

test:  template rendered message route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  null   route
truth:  format   format

test:  get the current git revision .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : 'func' variable equals expr to expr optstep .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  tell the list of required components .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modify the argument passed into .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a list of sampling instances against a state of func parameters x : array-like returns munging : bool 1-d sample data to print view for time sampling we ensures
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  construct   null

test:  generate univariate polynomial in a univariate polynomial .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  speed   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  this function returns a string to remove the current transaction .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the first output line .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   get
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  takes a graph removes all edges that have the given graph data and the edges .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  perform   a

test:  set vowel of the vowel channel .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a csv for all indices in a csv .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  creates   implementation
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   a

test:  error code for the app to be installed .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default test back to the input get .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  wrapper for the enforcer type .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   correct
truth:  to   hook

test:  renames pretty-printing expression .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  renames   returns
truth:  split   expression

test:  return requests for oauth emails to an email address .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  check   null
truth:  password   password

test:  simply return true if ['forcemerge' is 180 in 180 .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  null   a
truth:  override   override

test:  bump product for product in the product is not given all the shop products for the product is not given .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  caching caching cache manager that will always take original output from the cache .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a dict of network as a "-" .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  turn value into a decorrelating json .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  does   value
truth:  return   return

test:  solve a string and return the bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file path return its flag or compiled file path :type modname: str .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  is   try
truth:  given   a

test:  remove symbolic files from vim .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return an acl list .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of all known resources .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  return list of pairs for printing and %}{% .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  finds a "resolution value for each row in -1 .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  finds   setup
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: scan-build build results for the job .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tries to convert points to surface .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   surface

test:  an application app .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  null   return
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  remove ntpd from genuine .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  updates a mailchimp list of available data .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  given   null

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  return true if the image should be refreshed based on the type .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group items in backend .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  null   items
truth:  null   items

test:  an ajax view to return data .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the internal connection object .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  a task to make a specific task entity back to the given course_id .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function for getting the admin preference for the admin session .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  save configuration backend for couchbase-server .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  save   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the zerofor of a matrix given a triangular of elements .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  the pprint function .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  null   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  convert a pandas scalar to timedelta .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   shortcut
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  return true if node is toc statistics of a subclass .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return number of open files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  return   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the fabmetheus directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  provides a lazy test for all trial that the specified collection .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  test   test

test:  shorthand for checking if a valid uri is found .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list of nodes in g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  connected   generate

test:  returns a list of templates in a template .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from multinomial scheme .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  create   sample
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all defaults available for a quota server .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convert a dictionary of class names into a dict of arbitrary values .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  function that measures the nll and the target list between the output: and the output: and the output: nested lists .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  called   null

test:  assigns all the values from the job at index .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  produces   list
truth:  null   migration

test:  release a logger for the args/kwargs .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  release   null
truth:  returns   logger

test:  load custom email tool .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  cache   test
truth:  add   add

test:  get the number of ports currently playing .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return x along an axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  null   x
truth:  return   x

test:  decorator to provide sensible types to execution return sgroup if the sgroup has all methods present in the sgroup instance .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the complete complete graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  bind the location credentials for the quoted uris for the quoted .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  raises   export
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning and gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  surrounding   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a pool to the metadata server cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send workers are available .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  start   stop
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a given marketing link is a link in the list .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  an iterator of all the description .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  context   null
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  pprint for pixel output .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   output
truth:  null   pprint

test:  create article objects for all codename with a group .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with specified serie .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decode the data dialog .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  accept   add
truth:  null   null

test:  thin a vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  a wrapper to make a vdi reference implementation available by reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  clones   a

test:  copr various error messages for doing an error .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  to   method

test:  return an html generated by the alphabetical whitespace .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  return   attribute
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test a string with polish from banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  disarmed   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  call this function in github api using github api .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  function   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  the gunicorn_django command .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  null   null

test:  blue check public interface .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  round   set
truth:  set   gl

test:  resource rating that adapts to the parent of instance id .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  inputhook   update
truth:  to   null

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  null   deployments
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test if an error was raised when ziplines a unit .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  if   test
truth:  check   check

test:  ensure the correct long calls the cookiecutter with no_input=true and no start-up .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  call   call

test:  check if path is an absolute path .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a function as being exempt from the maintenance context .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  data remove a group message message .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip a test if condition is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a vertical structure by improper improper improper to implementations .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert dateordatetime set to an iosync parsed in 0 .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check if were available for the magic system .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  if   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  step that this directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  step   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if the specified service is available .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the trailing error from a metadata error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  check that prime value for environment variables .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   check

test:  see the source vectors .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a host string into an entity .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  split   parse
truth:  takes   a

test:  run flocker-volume in multiprocessing mode .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  run   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return the number of seconds from the specified pseudo .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  get   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  convert an text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  get   null
truth:  leading   remove

test:  save image data to disk requires filename .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  test purging user using purging .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   up
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a list of all scene exceptions for each cache .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a filepath for and update till people passed into the same .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  checking interface to generate ranges in the iterator .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  null   read
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory for this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the latest release should have changed and has git .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a logrotate application from the specified app .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  lookup a shell command .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  the sequence and derivatives through duplicates and returns the first element in query .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  function   list
truth:  search   search

test:  pad container elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  null   list
truth:  list   list

test:  add typing to the given attrset dict of attributes .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only work on timezonemodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert between length and possibly bound to said .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator used by the middleware .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  used   tests
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   controller

test:  add a user to a specific value .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  gets a key for name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the testsuite as main tests .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  null   test
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the data from the given data .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   generate
truth:  read   a

test:  return the given function as an ith function .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  create   fetch
truth:  search   search

test:  raise an exception if any broken is found .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  raise   stop
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add a single property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method func .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get list: implementation from iterable .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  get   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  modules home page .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   crud

test:  add a plugin and the menu to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns the number of flags currently displayed by an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a generator of replacing chunks of a sequence in a string .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  return   read
truth:  generate   a

test:  fetches the user from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  fetches   helper
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  create eeg eeg lineage mapping file .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   quaternion
truth:  create   create

test:  create a watchdog polygon matrix from all rotation matrix .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  given   a

test:  return the host .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  return matching extensions that differ disabled .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set state of many bucket names .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  the mod_aggregate use this instead of json .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get the extra data for a given table .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an application with an application .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transforms a legacy datetime object into legacy .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  model   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  utility function to get specified paragraphs with stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity of the entity cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  wrapper around plotly .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  cross   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  create a cluster cibfile property cibfile use cibfile instead of the property cibfile name/path of the cib cibfile property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example:
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   set

test:  for sending a user that previously email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  keep   user

test:  check allowed to allowed to allowed to the specified methods .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  if   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the directory .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  returns   size
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieves the information for the specified account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   get
truth:  account   account

test:  create a network gateway record .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the configured lxc dict .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  gathers   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper for l{safe_repr} .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  given   null

test:  finds and return find the current instance .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  to   null

test:  it does upgrade and everything upgrade if requested .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  replace double dotted path separator .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the latest contributors .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns all language code in language .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   language

test:  set up the swiss sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  helper for efficiently directive the response .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if text is a host .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wraps action filters with role based access context controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  checking   api
truth:  filtered   null

test:  return the file name of the file .
truth: using os . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  using   os

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  support   a
truth:  support   support

test:  helper to replace given intent .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  to   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return all implementation about the given axis .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set recently recently method .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  retrieve data .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove file_check from staff sequence .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  filters   filters

test:  convert dictionary to a json channel .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   method

test:  dummy function .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   keyword

test:  lists all modules below the opengl were given in the path .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ips from the floating point .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  obtains the n-dimensional number of lists to 1 blocks .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps correct reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return the value of the return the template file options .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   find

test:  a custom formatting .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  create a list of files into a list of tuples .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  build   build

test:  check if a user has allowed wiki for the given course .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the directory specified by filepath .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return last latest configured repository as a repository .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   update
truth:  return   return

test:  change the xml handler .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  serves   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get an instance of an instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  check if a boolean .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  if   check
truth:  takes   number

test:  *true* *true* if all seqs of *seq* evaluate to *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a static file object from the given filename .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the encoding argument by name .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  get   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   array
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a file packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  merge model by inserting one to a model more than 1 .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  null   function
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  defines all coefficients from a binary array d_n given by :const:true inputs .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  returns the lock has been matched .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  return   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  finalize string into a step .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   null
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  reverse link to a list .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   null
truth:  link   link

test:  compare two files of constant regions .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  if   function
truth:  tests   tests

test:  fetch a selected port and return a list of cluster .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  extract the total number of seconds from timedelta object in python 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send and receive a single request .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  send   replace
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  decorator for filters that are called in a valid signatures .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  null   check
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new api service returns {created: true} if the given api was created cli example: .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list a pending console entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  pending   a
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  passed a dictionary of container .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  determine the message object .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the sysrc kernel is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   call
truth:  to   checks

test:  this better better upgrade masking from block_device_mapping to the larger string .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  migrate   replace
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds and returns elementreturn if predicate is in the given elementreturn .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if *args can be sent to respective methods .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns: the path of the given path .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  combines   null

test:  converts usage_key_string to a corresponding certificate keys into a corresponding eui64 keys .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  convert   course

test:  initialization provisioning in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   works
truth:  confine   null

test:  called by the project to the context of a github ioloop .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  determines   one
truth:  set   set

test:  decorator that allows a function or method decorator .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  force   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  open all or specified cover cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  close   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the named container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  return   stop
truth:  returns   information

test:  constructs and returns the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  print a salt module if it exists .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  downloads   returns
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns true if the graph is strongly regular expression .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a nt number and returns a nt instance .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install the latest version of a system via the branch .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   one
truth:  install   python

test:  find and compute memory status of an instance .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  strips   display
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   character
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns an array of related fields .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given an xml key .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  given   metaclass
truth:  encode   optional

test:  commit the authorized port .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  test that the par1 filter functions a 3d opposite of image sizes are referenced by 3d .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   example
truth:  test   test

test:  compare numa was previously registered .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  host   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  validate the day in the year .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function for locks annotation .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  function   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add sizes to rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all startup jobs by the minion cli example: .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return the revision version of the location that has published published .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  return   timeline

test:  helper method for handling auth class that is used in __salt__ .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   check

test:  nvp and update the available port with port .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  docstring   check
truth:  puts   null

test:  this function is designed to search for certain subject directory .
truth: return query string . 
test:  function   function
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   s3
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list of options .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parse   argv

test:  waits for an operation to reach a node .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  make   paths
truth:  fires   a

test:  helper method for information about a course .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  print   returns
truth:  prints   prints

test:  convert lines off a bson mapping file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   output
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  add   a
truth:  subtract   null

test:  turns on the quota system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   delete
truth:  turns   null

test:  runs the input string .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  dtype   maps
truth:  maps   maps

test:  clears the property dictionary .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  create   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the points with half of the channel removed inside the channel path .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the user to salt .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   case

test:  add target list to the target .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  add   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  transform a 2d transform with affine protection .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  fix   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  set the line number of each node in the list given by interfaces .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  set   return
truth:  return   a

test:  the restful handler for entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  a context manager that acquires a file to a zip it .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   return
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute tris connectivity for a positive integer .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  find tests by name .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  check if a certain server should be overridden or state .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  if   try
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  computes dot product between vectors v and u .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  flux : string to a long integer .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if l is an array .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the admin credentials from yaml file for a given yaml file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  gets   sample
truth:  get   consul

test:  delete access to user .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  destroys   null

test:  blocks matrix to direction for matrix in direction direction .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   matrix

test:  fetches the configured photo and return the json-serializable id .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  get   photo

test:  ensure that a descriptor is a course .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  make   null
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  check that the email matches an email address .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  check   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  normalize classification jaccard .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   classification
truth:  null   similarity

test:  url helper function that checks if url is present from the parms .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  url   a
truth:  given   a

test:  validates single op places for tag places .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validates   value
truth:  validate   validate

test:  receive email based on migration account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  email   validates
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return true if fullfills one nodes in a local location is found in wanna_connect .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  takes a list of influxdb policy and automatically extracts the training data in it for those .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  reduce a sql expression from xfs_estimate <url .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  perform directives directives .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluates max normal loglikelihood args .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  split   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  retrieves the unknown type by its name .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  retrieves   bytes
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check if the object is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  get   obj
truth:  null   cuda

test:  checks the respective number as a float .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  null   up
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation directly .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return node information about the node id cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to change group of article article .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   user
truth:  is   user

test:  get the pci device by id .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify a hash given agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  attempt a method through a schema to do its function .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  appends   list
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'raise'x and some values are missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the git command to update the http error .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  try   update
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete a response .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  attempt   a

test:  given a sqlalchemy string or url for a given object .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  looks for a logger value in the logger layer .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  lists   split
truth:  find   find

test:  set the new state of a new instance .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  set   replace
truth:  check   check

test:  get a users brands and recommend based on them .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a host and a port .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  like   return
truth:  host   host

test:  fixture to run the tests .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  to   up
truth:  create   create

test:  enqueue email with user case of all recipients about their user notification quickly .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  email   test
truth:  calls   a

test:  wrap a list .
truth: version of node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   version

test:  patch exams .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random give data with the noisy data .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  index   index

test:  create a new socket .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  build   validate
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  admin view that expects all workflow in output export .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  null   home
truth:  view   view

test:  return sparse matrix by monte the number generator in a square .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  save   null
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a file with the contents of a file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate paginated state message .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert a feature .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  reshape a sequence out of length n .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  sort the given time from key .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  perform a covariance matrix rot scalars along a set of points in k[x] .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator that applies a table with an action to multiplied tests .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of listed in the union .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  null   find
truth:  to   helper

test:  return data in a hug file parameters data : array_like the device to read from the default axis a time file .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  return   data
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check that all gating bar contains a failure .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  trueassert --> type .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the categorical crossentropy of two distributions .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a device and a partition are invalid when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns a correctly formatted app .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  error   error

test:  hyperbolic sine function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  return local form info with given keyword .
truth: adds site . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adds   site

test:  :(%) shapesh restriction .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   product

test:  imports x at the specified number .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  imports   string
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get a volumes .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  null   attribute
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all table names from the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns list of items for all pages .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by old replaced by old replaced by old replaced by old replaced .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install the git package .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  install   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return routing routing information for routing modifications cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   netstat

test:  get the board class for the page .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  context manager that wants to temporarily change the log of the context .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  copies imageproperties into a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   source
truth:  index   index

test:  joins a version of an general": .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  normalise   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the filesystem data and block device on a partition .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  makes   filesystem
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  entry point for parms credentials .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  set   set

test:  merge the given arg and merge it into the list of args .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   arg
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the container in the old release should be removed .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  null   check
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  return a test name to be in the test data directory .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip a test decorator that skips skips this test classes .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   tests
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return globals for the mime mime header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   return
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the process fails .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  return a signal name of the attributes of the given class .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  return   pause
truth:  get   a

test:  compare a generalized expression .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line for the given arguments .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  command   command

test:  add a public ssh key to the dictionary .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  allows a file of a folder .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this endpoint shows the students sorted in a particular course .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  endpoint   page
truth:  show   show

test:  read flake8 files and return its contents .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  read   return
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  convert datetime to the corresponding scale of the series/index as follows: percentage .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  send file emulates encoding .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  file   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a directory for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts string to unicode string .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test same sparktext .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of checkresult modules .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test that an information is returns a task .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  formats a given language into a specific language dictionary for this windows .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  formats   implementation
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure the current signal is absent name the name of the state to remove signal .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensure   user
truth:  ensures   null

test:  launch the 2d check for each column of the input data .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  implement   compatibility
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reads in the given file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  view decorator that reset user and login its content and logout .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  get   hooks
truth:  view   view

test:  a decorator for marking a function or method in marking .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the search for the files in the list .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  retrieve the certificate from a certificate this can be string: the file pair arguments: file name the certificate to retrieve the file to install the certificate to .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  makes   stop
truth:  return   return

test:  provides debug information .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  return the relative error of a digital distribution .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  return   value
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a pvoutput instance from momentum information on momentum of the instance type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extracts a multi-index value from a dict .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of the area that are blank .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  get   implementation
truth:  find   a

test:  return a fake instance of the 2 file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get settings .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform a list of versions to falling .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  perform   get
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of services .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  run encoding/gaussianization tests .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check whether version is installed and can check to version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   version

test:  convert a raw key from registry .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a configured list of missing data .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  return   get
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that a is in first .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  multiply f by a constant in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for users .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all open threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify x classes of this function will be implemented in an __repr__ function .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  verify   tests
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for cli example: .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the requested module name .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  make data that can be used by the attributes .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  make   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  like open .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  like   check
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  returns f for the autocorrelation and clusters parameters type : ndarray the autocorrelation of observations bounded by default .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   scorer
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches for the pattern that match the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  matches   matches

test:  return the user is currently email :arg boxes or apps/dashboard/ranges redirect redirect .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  if   a
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   resource

test:  convert warnings to stderr .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  convert   debug
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of users in the user .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  data['artists'][ <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  yields the snapshot and merge a parent with indentation .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return a list of server we need to run from .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  makes an unique property with the given name .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   set
truth:  makes   a

test:  push a course using mdadm api .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  register   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  verify that the egg is installed .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  verifies   symbols
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  the various comments for a cohort .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  try to find the first available port .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform search .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks that a file matches an selinux file path .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return an arguments to one of the available solc .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules this is the inheritance chain of a templates at the start and set up to the start of open() this works .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  check if a is greater than b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  returns a flattened array with the least one element in a .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test dimension session locations .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of the names of all roles in group .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  default group id if it exists .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  signal that will call the context variable with object and stores it as user_display} {% user_display user as user_display} user_display user_display user_display {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has received you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  takes a string and returns a list of data .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  show   show

test:  maximum yaml .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  null   limit
truth:  enable   enable

test:  format a local terms .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  format   try
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the absolute url for given directory .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a script to the notebook in the notebook cell .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  add   searches
truth:  writes   null

test:  normalize a directory on a raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   metagenomeseqs
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  argument is not rewritten retrieval .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  is   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  push a release at the current context .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  push   form
truth:  specified   tag

test:  foo-bar --> utf-8 path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  unicode   variant
truth:  convert   a

test:  create the deploy views on the dataset of the dataset .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials polynomials in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  fetches a single schema and return it .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return if there is currently active .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of all empty arrays in any dimensionality .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   python

test:  test a mixin table with columns in the provided table .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  to   exception
truth:  test   test

test:  convert value for valid string to a valid format .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  a decorator to invoke operations on a record .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  return a model with the upgrade upgrade any data returns the model returns .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  model   null
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a dictionary with keys of the given dict to a subs .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  substitute   values

test:  a view that is requested with get an event status .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  view   view
truth:  noop   noop

test:  take a dimension list of strings .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  take   behave
truth:  takes   args

test:  datacenter: an ascii string .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  initializes   function
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get skeinforge plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  analyze   skeinforge
truth:  get   meta

test:  this is the parameters in all parameters .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  is   schema
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  apply an vagrant link .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  resume all of the connections in all of its dependencies .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  resume   return
truth:  resume   resume

test:  take a dictionary of once and return a list of contents .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  take   text
truth:  string   string

test:  returns a row matrix to create a symmetric matrix .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path and returns its path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator to require two 2nd provider .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   linodes

test:  hide infinite-capacity for create_payload .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  the target .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   sequence

test:  helper function for duplicate tag name for the value of an apikey field in the form .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  returns whether matplotlib command is matplotlib .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip the points onto the index .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  module   pull
truth:  order   order

test:  list all registered libraries in the database .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a s[h[b]] matrix from the first kind .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group access associated with specified group .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return cumulative distribution function for certain distribution .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  wraps cache for cache push .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  base64 decodes and then inflates according to base64 .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  decodes   returns
truth:  compresses   a

test:  simple args for a key which creates a series of objectives .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  create an pid of a process .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  creates   pid

test:  return a dict of graphs .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a logical port is in the local machine .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize the list of users in a review count has been counts .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  initializes   null

test:  number number number number number number number number number of svd two number number number number .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return an instance of django ids from the given object .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns the nodes having a nested tree sequence of nodes with nodes .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts any [x]html html .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  build   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get a configured instance .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  get   lookup
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  checks that comparison should desired .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  an interactive directory .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  create   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a specific volume id by id .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively copy a directory from an local file .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager for temporarily setting stderr to stdout .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all show networks .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  render an i{inspect .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a url .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  given   string
truth:  creates   a

test:  get all null groups .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting psd .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the first section of the path .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  parses a timestamp string into an interval that matches the keyword specified .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   content
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional train and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a filter list of instructor tasks as running under a given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator for each column of a each column .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a helper for bundleadaptors .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   new
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the rich measures .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  this function is invoked once .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  null   null
truth:  configure   a

test:  start a task stats in seconds sent with the given indentation .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  export   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get equation at *x*; .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  patch   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a test suite w/ a filename .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  run   issue
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  simple test for a bug to dynamically create emrfs_args .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  traverses related topic tree to generate a dictionary with related subtopics .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  traverses   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  runs pickle in given object .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  runs   force
truth:  null   in

test:  decorator that returns an object containing a feature .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a list of pfx into a dict .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  unload calling the pixel to be loaded .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  make   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate datetime .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get the additional length of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   get

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats script to a tuple to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  helper function for common prefix .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  null   filtering
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   send_catch_log
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  this method implements a specified email address .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  view   username
truth:  send   a

test:  users: test info should create null 2 .
truth: if a . 
test:  modifies   fake
truth:  if   a

test:  validates a positive integer value in milliseconds returning a positive integer or none .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  takes a string and returns a message .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  save   null
truth:  log   a

test:  extend to save cohort type .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  to   update
truth:  emits   a

test:  return the intersection of unifrac-like .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  decrypt a resource .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  looks   method
truth:  value   value

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  regression test for 4-byte a chain of representation representation where an error is the output of the application .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  verifying   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  excview decoding handler for the response that may be called from the given classifier .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  create   install
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   a

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a given literal .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  finds   parse
truth:  validates   validates

test:  verify that version packages are saved .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  asserts   end
truth:  end   end

test:  require a blob for an encryption blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  connect to the connection and closes keys .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  to   run
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  is it debian? .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  is   test
truth:  to   check

test:  measures files and its contents .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  files   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  a common sha512 encoded key function for baz" .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  write a human-readable module in the information to a human-readable file .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  write   usage
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a datetime .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a function is nonpos or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts a sequence of dispatchentry objects into a string .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   reject
truth:  list   list

test:  fill intersections of the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  add   add

test:  return size of array from a proportion distribution parameters size : array a .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  post   mean
truth:  slices   slices

test:  decorator for marking the decorated function as a different dictionary .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   color
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator for setting method calls method to an memoize .
truth: create a property . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns default url to the request .
truth: takes request . 
test:  default   default
truth:  request   request

test:  a simple view for 0] to add list of available projects .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   custom

test:  given a replacement descriptor .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  parses a file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  load   load

test:  build a queryset .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  build   null
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively copy data and link using src and dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns lines from glob file .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   try

test:  given a path to a directory .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  given   system
truth:  tests   tests

test:  deletes a zone .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - instantaneous trendline .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses a iso 8601 entry and returns a datetime object .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  provides an exception .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  provides   change
truth:  null   method

test:  create a signature to the beginning of a file .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  if   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  perform a cut using a cut .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  labels   a
truth:  null   null

test:  skip a test unless the main site fails .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  create a detection parameter which can be used within a docstring .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  create   null
truth:  is   null

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  null   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  returns true if string can be cast as an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  call input_shape .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  using   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse information about a twitter pin key .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  used by a non-unc date and outputs models .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  change the current user .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a vdi and associate it with a vdi .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  make   a
truth:  move   move

test:  retrieve a block template from a tagged word by openssl .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  walk   replace
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  creates a usable list .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all plugins to a specific plugin name .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  manage   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  test mac .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  send   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes the tag http request on the repository .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  given   a
truth:  if   null

test:  ensure that path is a valid directory and will be returned to the parent directory .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expandtabs the front of the front line with mappers .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  indent   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to access id lparen params required by the most appropriate parameters params : str/bytes/unicode .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   in

test:  create a timeout that will run quickly logs .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   method
truth:  make   a

test:  update the .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  update   create
truth:  return   a

test:  create a simple binding in the jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with the specified name .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  for generic path prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  splits   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the modules findable by the colored and update its results .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  update   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  merge warnings .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  compress   filename
truth:  open   open

test:  parse a perl url from preserving the given url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  iterator   return
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  retrieve an _iteratorbuffer form from a certificate in format .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix keys .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset ids ids ids to each object of the user .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  build a class instance for the instance scheme cli example: .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  build   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a python function that returns true if the condition is a json/ajax function .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write ifname specified by ifname .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  write   yaml
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a dict that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  tests storing _repr_html_ inference .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  tests   object
truth:  serializing   null

test:  local 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  adapted   total_seconds
truth:  null   python

test:  rebuild d\\u code from given default usage .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  context   encode
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a new cluster cibfile name/path of the stonith property cibfile name/path of the file containing the cib stonith command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example:
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  creates   redirect
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  stores every source file and returns a new list of images .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  djangos   null
truth:  show   images

test:  method to support the first oauth ids from path .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   method
truth:  get   get

test:  this method finds all values in task info .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execute command line .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  execute   task
truth:  executes   null

test:  check input table with data values chopped by col extent .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  input   issue
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return all known services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of service that are enabled but disabled to start the given services .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check state matches the local command .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  null   event
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  wraps a application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  wraps   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  check if we are running on debug .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  if   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  if user is access .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  behave mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  provides   example
truth:  assert   assert

test:  call a function with the args passed into the given type .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  call   a
truth:  print   print

test:  verify that the right is done .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  if   check

test:  validates for a list of roles are required .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  check   null
truth:  modify   methods

test:  the otu table by otu .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  null   otu
truth:  filter   otu

test:  suspension pdp context request section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  uplink   uplink
truth:  null   null

test:  load skipinitialspace times from csv file .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  config   a
truth:  load   a

test:  validate external project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validate   project
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get all global version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session object .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the named package is installed .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test homepage - run from wrong - which point-wise this module .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  test   imports
truth:  using   null

test:  creates a room object .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  post   post

test:  univariate series expansion of a series expansion of the node expansion .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   a
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain path based on the xml-file path passed as a string cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   attempt
truth:  define   a

test:  find the path that should be used when ziplines tests directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  request notification state change name = default name = default * network name = default * safe -- set network * safe -- set to hard drive .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   power

test:  return a random shared whitespace in the unwrapped spatial .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the expiry name of the next element that it is found .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  fixture that ensures the test client is used to test the test .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the application id for this app .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a source file .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  source   a
truth:  token   token

test:  temporarily set the attr of a particular object to a given object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  set   set

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  set   null
truth:  check   check

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple inline .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check whether this element should be included in the format .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  verifies a date verify after hl0 using urllib .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch the specified hub flags from the system .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  download   get
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack devices in the track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  looks   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  encodes hex to base32 api .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   hex
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  verify that a list of lists of lists and log out to the mailchimp .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check version of pip cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given an ols module label .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  given   a
truth:  import   import

test:  assigns all last user has last id .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  return list of all available languages .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached setting of key and put it into the key setting of each destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  converts given component number to rgb colors .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  given   function
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can import the given module is installed or not .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  checks if command exists .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  if   a
truth:  call   a

test:  display the xml record .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  function   null
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of {'orders' .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validate an existing file .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  if   null

test:  delete multiple keys from instances system_metadata by prefix .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   instance_type
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  the logger for the given object .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a list of sorted sequenced and having a corresponding bitstrings .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  return   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  read text table designed for humans and test having position line before the header line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  input   text
truth:  read   read

test:  return the path specified by module name .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the template for the given app .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks an integer is not too long and matches long .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the * mean of gaussian random variable in the make .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  updates   function
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  change   reject
truth:  updating   location

test:  ensure that all original attributes of an containers is present in any changes .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate data .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  verify   data
truth:  null   mac

test:  verify that c exports in the list of objects .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  we get here from info .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  prompts a user by name using the api user and returns the api user .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  prompts   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ensures that the given consuming is shutdown on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  replace all special characters that are already quoted .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  text   text

test:  test format and round trip through a precision trip .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  format   github
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a compatible channel object .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  do   null

test:  patch open() as a generator that yields errors .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  patch   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  load all users [file_name subscriptions on a node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  load   null
truth:  return   subscription

test:  call a notification type with the given user id .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  call   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create the directory for the given trashcan .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  split a line into lines from text .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  split   a
truth:  format   format

test:  the cache for the cache .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  create   create

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the number of parsed revision .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for a aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load if all the modules exist .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  return   load
truth:  work   work

test:  filter the hierarchy that this module .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  log   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default folders for all views as dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  transform   default
truth:  default   default

test:  initialize the term days .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert raw string seconds .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  formats   a

test:  review an e-mail hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  null   install
truth:  unregister   null

test:  used by the portage to gather a list of fields .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  used   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return available flavor .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get an instance of a specific plugin by name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   view
truth:  create   create

test:  get the automatically decorator .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  composes   decorator
truth:  mark   method

test:  create present keyring locally cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  ensure   get
truth:  is   keyring

test:  parameters children : array or array_like .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  declaration_specifiers interface .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get a :class:pyramid widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  get   set
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  modify the push grades for a subsection modified database .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove leading and aliases from the help entry .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  text   float
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  update all the keys in the background field .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  add   multivariate
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  opens an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  cached service to logic service name in service range .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  wait for a url to become a socket .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  recursively get versions of git to the git revision .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   try
truth:  get   version

test:  verify that all items in the current request .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist expr | ruleitem .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points and delete the xml element .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  in python 2 .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  null   return
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  return a polynomial of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  clean and clean a filename .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  if we are running .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  if   stop
truth:  format   a

test:  used to handle the progress object into a table .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  name or create a single dimension gaussian normal distribution .
truth: add i . 
test:  null   equation
truth:  add   i

test:  return a port range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  a decorator for methods:: < 0 or function .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  null   function
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  a view calls to dummy etag .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  stack   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  import and return code .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  format a node attributes for the node that creates an unused of scrapy .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  convert an ipv6 address in compact representation notation to a list of address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  convert   ipv6
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that bad input from normal input which doesnt raise an exception message or has doesnt exist .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test same_domain url .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  if we have an int .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  close and save given base64 .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  close   string
truth:  function   function

test:  run the bio and grain when the executed has been 'usethisflagtogeneratecoverageduringtestruns' .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  run   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  represent single tool chart using the x in a heatmap chart .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reconstruct id into its id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   decimal
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  check that binary .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete the website from the virtual host .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return the specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  check   check
truth:  given   a

test:  is it a tar archive type .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  is   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  truncate $xdg_config_home/user-dirs str -> str .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  function   stream
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  features   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm record that verify that date database is not destroy database record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick selection corresponding to the selection channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  splits   find
truth:  pick   pick

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  null   return
truth:  do   null

test:  disconnect disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  builds and bus inter-mapper spec .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  registers   ssh
truth:  function   function

test:  create the monitordir file to use for your directories .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  create   try
truth:  copy   copy

test:  setup -> cheatsheets get an emerge_default_opts and initializes the listening_ports .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  write a new msvc .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  write   null
truth:  null   column

test:  returns the version of the text .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  report dependencies have any chronological .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  decorator for benchmarks that require an extension function .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  a context manager that acquires all code in a list of plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  context   attributes
truth:  null   contexts

test:  return a string .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  skip   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  divide successive chunks from n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  null   index
truth:  generates   null

test:  compute a status .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  compute   wrapper
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only load if sysrc libraries exist .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   statistics

test:  returns the list of installed modules .
truth: execute app . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  adds a new flow to the depth .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  supplied   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  removes contacts from existing episodes with a device .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  removes   update
truth:  remove   a

test:  convert links to an html page .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  a could use of network in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  null   options
truth:  use   threads

test:  returns a group object for the recipient that has email address .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fail if all the expected import loaded are no .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given best quality is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   find
truth:  if   checks

test:  just a task that yields the tests .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  -   -

test:  check if list is not an array .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  if   return
truth:  count   count

test:  test that the state can be used with the same parameters .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates given interval of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt3 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether the currently on or off :return: true if 'systemsetup-gettime' is on .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  create information about the master with the given master index .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  create   create
truth:  parse   a

test:  updates user metadata .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  updates   contacts
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  the sum of the linear differential equation b .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a dialog .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  return   return
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  return the common prefix based on a url .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  get   get

test:  for sptype .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  output   output

test:  return whether the requester can be edited in use .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  page through the linter cache file .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  null   open
truth:  to   setup

test:  set up modules in a package using the housing: .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  if the learning inverts .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  simple stack signal for single signal in the given signal .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  handle   a

test:  use netmiko to send an log/print collinear .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  use   information
truth:  show   show

test:  load an plugin from the specified filesystem .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  export   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach an ebs device to volume .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  updates an exploration with new ids of user ids .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  write info about the enumerates in the shell .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  write   calculate
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a new disk disk to a certain snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  if   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the fragment in the fragment .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by recomputing graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  parse the given attempting header into a list of http partition header .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  parse   score
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the name .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  converts a string to a number .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a compiler compiler object .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  get   get

test:  simple example with user .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prompt   users

test:  this function converts size and returns size .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  function   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a queryset points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current video track .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   video
truth:  get   current

test:  return an instance of a model class by name .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  infer each statement on loops by the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  yields   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to return the list for the given series the first position in the template .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list the host for the host on the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  interfaces   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper around an euler of f in the entire output .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  time   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the elements of elements swapping and n the elements take .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  given   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  sanity installed_apps .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  create a new column of an object .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  count the count of a user .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  count   return
truth:  turns   null

test:  serialize a generator that collders a queue to a given interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the language-code thats selected by supported language prefixes .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  saves some configuration files as a file .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  save   configuration

test:  precision -> path likelihood .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  makes a test suite as unittest suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   doctest
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_addr_space metadata given by base64-encoded .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets reply .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  send   send

test:  fake a mock node to mock the given config .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  fake   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  create a default revision for the specified repository .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set rules of an subprocess .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  rules   a
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   statistics
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  compute a method .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   classes

test:  custom spam function .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  is   return
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper method that ids between info and ids .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  null   function
truth:  convert   entities

test:  find and return the specified name for a certain reference .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load a single resource file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   a
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator that caches the return value .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  show a single application .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  show   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  expands dataset spec .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  capture   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  cartesian cartesian product of a list of arrays .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  convert an integer value to its internet integer .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an ast object from the local section string as thrift object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   read

test:  helper function that asserts that the results of a particular password .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  plots a single mean .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  merge   mean
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the current django cache setting for the current page .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   set

test:  getprime:long return an n-bit random numbers .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple example function for rdp an interactive python interpreter .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from network .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  wrapper for #1311 that returns a during cache .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  null   return
truth:  am   am

test:  print debug exit code to stdout .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  print   null
truth:  prints   a

test:  returns a list of libvlc_event_manager .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  end   end

test:  return a sequence of sequences in a sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  assert the status file then exit .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  read the given environment and return a service service service .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  read   create
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert a value in a pair to its value from a translations .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' of a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 country instances .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return the file name the file to the salt master template cli example: .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  transfer   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return true if built-in is supported should be .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   changes

test:  this is a higher-order function for every test configuration .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  builds   decorator
truth:  force   force

test:  write a string to stderr .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  write   prints
truth:  string   string

test:  set the global entry in __salt__ and will be consistent .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that how is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return an input variable that is the paper: variable .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an installed package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  build the arguments for common command-line flags .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  build   build
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check that nodes and [env have any number .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  check   data
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  return   a
truth:  command   command

test:  set up the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  raise a authmechanism or catalog for the given message .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorate decorate decorate lines to import file .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  empty   guess
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove connections[senderkey]except from signal .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   imports
truth:  to   attempt

test:  set the 'ini module if the win_lgpo module is available .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  set   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a view that is protected and regenerate a page .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  do crypto .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  do   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if data is a single scalar sums sandwich .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given list of billedopprotos in billed_ops_list .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  validate that the given directory is a valid absolute path .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of indices .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  if   null
truth:  find   corners

test:  get the value of a function .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  for an object .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add an event by id .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  adds   up
truth:  update   update

test:  make a collection download and download all the results required by the collection .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  make   a
truth:  download   download

test:  call a function based on the given function and end of the decorated function .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  record   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing reallocation complete section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  reallocation   script
truth:  routing   area

test:  read in the entire contents of file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  certificates controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  read a mailcap file and return a list of process_jon .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  read   split
truth:  null   method

test:  wrapper around a logic .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different xml .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  merges two dictionaries so that keys in a .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the specified name protected to protected the protected protected .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove signals from an signals .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  remove   signal
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  null   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  make a dataframe by applying a mapped group numbers parameters ind: : array-like labels : theano or same-length a single dimension returns mapped array with the number of the right
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  make   convert
truth:  construct   null

test:  this is a decorator which needs to be used by function signature .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisors .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  returns the string to be used as a valid version string .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  test redis revision from db .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  updates   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  returns a defaultdict .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   table

test:  command : 'malformednext' error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return absolute path .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get remaining mesh .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the arguments that can be used with decides l .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume type type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add current user to the submissions page .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   page

test:  returns a dictionary containing the entire dictionaries .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  returns   salts
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check the given text .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  object   check
truth:  check   check

test:  generate a good good good open code to a python directory .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  format   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a file and return a file .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  index page for authenticated users activity stream .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  index   page
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message in an error message if the hostname could be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a list of degrees representing the appstats ui in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  install simple model and install bandwidth pair interface .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  null   remote
truth:  run   run

test:  return a line of max .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  return   probability
truth:  sample   sample

test:  lookup and return terms of a url .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given a string .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create agent to interact with a spinnaker 8084 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  print a message to stdout and exits .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  log   log

test:  return a largest degree of nodes in g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a previous header .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create jpeg data to update pageurl .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  create   check
truth:  access   access

test:  creates a new server with the specified name .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  creates   callback
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the variable is undefined .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  convert numeric numeric value to a unix timestamp .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  function   get
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects a callback that protects auth through the default auth .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split a pathname into absolute path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  split   include
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the current plural element .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  see   null

test:  ensures we can load the defined languages .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed an image in the maxwidth media file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert a string argument to a boolean .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   argument

test:  get a network driver object .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  run mounts to determine the mounts system .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  null   propagation

test:  generate a dictionary of fields for the given model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  verifies that the given cluster has valid timeline in the specified cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  did   null

test:  get the bundle for the current python module name .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  get   home
truth:  read   a

test:  simulates creation of a directory .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   return

test:  try to extract basic auth info .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  tests grammar methods for bad grammar .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  make   attribute
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if idle is running .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if value is a test .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   html
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize manager that exists with given name .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   up

test:  a very useful to lowercase conversion .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  create a single grid node .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  ignore   file
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of source files .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  return   null
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns an ordereddict that will be ordered dict of xml .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate the input data must be converted to lowercase .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  singular   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert potential potential list .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  adds the bootloader tag to the given bootloader and returns the result .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  send who-has who-has requests to determine which hosts are up srp srp and receive on your who-has .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   try
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a breadcrumbs string from the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  get   get
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   null

test:  all enabled bug in a bug of eval eval serializable .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  require a specific configuration value if munin-node is not specified .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  internal helper method for checking the internal usage in a string .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  equivalent to one .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   one

test:  resize a bson image and return the source code .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  resize   wrapper
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for testing .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  make a platform name for each platform .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generator that reads a generator and a generator for it .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  show and return a serializable .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  show   null
truth:  record   record

test:  run the response wsgi application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  doctest   display
truth:  test   test

test:  return all instance faults for the provided host .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  sets a countevent state .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  sets   calling
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  fetch   load
truth:  import   a

test:  make the directory .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  make   filesystem
truth:  callback   callback

test:  initialize the global tags of the problem .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  initialize   example
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator which makes sure utf8 or method is called .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  decode   a

test:  commit commit .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  commit   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return a partial name of the file on the provided prefix .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  return   list
truth:  object   object

test:  runs sparse loss rules on each sequence .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  check list of keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  query   keyring
truth:  list   list

test:  return a dict describing specific data cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  return   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  allows a response to grant server calls given wsgify wsgify .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of active pattern .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  matches   return
truth:  return   current

test:  return the user-specific disk id of linode to swap the proper disk device .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that instance of object are implemented properly .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  function   attribute
truth:  null   in

test:  get a list of builtin applications from the given appinfo .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  get   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns all searches .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   list
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed with the folder id and returns the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a response with a html response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   response

test:  cast an input variable to a scalar or a scalar .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  casts   x
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  delete an accounts metadata .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  update   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   polar
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait until a condition has completed .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  return true if remote server is available .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator to implement implement implement function in python 2 .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return the useful dummy size methods to be used by setting the result of a class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  accepts a list of arp output interface and returns a dictionary with the details of the current interface .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  accepts   interface
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the permission permission to the provided document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  null   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list the locate database cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   null

test:  get list with a data file located in the path .
truth: write out data . 
test:  call   a
truth:  write   null

test:  helps this decorator is used by the given name and can be used in a custom kwargs .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  create   a

test:  process the faces statement .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  converts an individual token into dotted token and its valid data .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  converts   group
truth:  null   groups

test:  this function is used to verify a model line .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: hue-light this plugin allows you to provide cleanup to the build step and execute your build step .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : variable %prec variable rparen .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   null
truth:  expr   expr

test:  filter the given method to the given number of statements in a callable .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  classify   aggregate
truth:  round   round

test:  filters the list of ids and returns the result of the expression that corresponds to the demo variable .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  create   a

test:  remove all np .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  mimic   find
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a list of word strings by drawn drawn from a string of strings .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  check   null
truth:  code   code

test:  get a string .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  get   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  removes a model and index that can changed from a given operation .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  removes   add
truth:  call   call

test:  create a single evoked function using evoked data .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  update   source
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  simulate a gradient by setting the average color to the average stage .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  adjust   path
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the git tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return the analysis graph of node connected to a graph .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  utility function to get a "the'url'blocktagisnotsupportedinthepython page for a particular url .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   spam
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build a standard openid request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return all connection in <filename> .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   data

test:  finds the longest or pil files specified by longest .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  function   string
truth:  find   find

test:  show user initial[u'name'] .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  file   null
truth:  fills   in

test:  returns the number of registered notifications .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   notifications

test:  check if current line contains only gitpython and check that no magic contains only contains a redundant function .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  load an image from the standard format .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  load   color
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is a list .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  profiling   a
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function that will return a list of results in a dictionary of errors .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker service .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   docker
truth:  enable   enable

test:  checks if a url is in ssh .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test mne font whitespace .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loading   loading

test:  converts a template types to an iterable object over the internal pattern or a '[\\ content value by akritas-strzebonski-vigklas .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  given   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  split a mapping of uri or return information about it .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  reset   return
truth:  transform   a

test:  raise an error if bug may be a sparse volume kind or joined .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  raise   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return y minus y function .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   x

test:  get the information of all docker info on a specific docker info .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  the reader should denote and newlines are correctly with basic input .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  null   text
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return art url from url .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   art
truth:  return   art

test:  test that requesting and should be returned when its not cause a project .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine distance between 2 sets of [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  determine   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a get the type model in a given app_label .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  transform a navigation type by the given coordinate type returns a %s\n' class .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for creating and 'custom .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize ansicolor ref: url this is combine aware ref: | color ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  return   text
truth:  text   text

test:  checks if the user has allowed allowed .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to a url .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return number of workers set .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the given codeset encoding .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the language modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to convert a dictionary of fetch ips by a wrapper to a mapping of year .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  null   title
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates two exits to and from the two rooms exits .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the number of initial conversion .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  remove generated file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return the specified time .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  build an actor from the given soap code .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  map   null
truth:  create   a

test:  firewall firewall rules .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  rules   a
truth:  create   network

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  clear the networks .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  destroy   volume
truth:  existing   list

test:  get an sqlalchemy rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate a b-spline integral of a b-spline between two given points .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  find   find

test:  saves uldaps metadata to a pil file .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  save   metadata
truth:  enrich   null

test:  replace all the keys in a list of keys found in the string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  replace   search
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gets the album plugins for an album .
truth: as above . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  list media instance in media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  associate   media
truth:  get   media

test:  return a list of all available kernel names .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the spinner parent -> volume structure .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services which are installed but not the specified service .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   services

test:  test iterator of iterator .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   solve
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  accept   dataframe
truth:  replace   series

test:  replace the unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  replace   print
truth:  return   a

test:  for json methods on json .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize the specified subset of a server settings .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  a helper function useful for two order of input length .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test sign source spaces .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  io   test
truth:  label   label

test:  return the related entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a remote server configuration information .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  patch   data
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the content of the service about page .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the full path and .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  handles   handles

test:  utility to get an image object from given list of objects .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  mailinglist 'core/user message .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  callback   list
truth:  denied   user

test:  device_array allocate an array with given shape .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  return   a
truth:  call   cuda

test:  formats the specified code .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  returns a list of default loaders .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  single space from the given space .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  null   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  select the minimum number of the probability in minimum .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  get   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set images in event .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  step   set
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  a helper decorator for checking if a function is used in a down of inputs .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   like

test:  get the line at the given split line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete last background variables .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  expr   tags
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parse an integer to a tree of numbers .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  expects   null

test:  returns an werkzeug callback that spawns a given app .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  a shortcut for sending broken functionality .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  exception   stream
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects to a vcenter .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip a custom entities in a custom fields to be run .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  simplified   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the permission document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   controller

test:  formats a sample sample .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  builds   generate
truth:  format   a

test:  poweroff a running container .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the coordinate of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize new steps .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  function   null
truth:  decorates   a

test:  this function reads and attempt to console output .
truth: open stream . 
test:  function   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a list of resource u'%' url 'limit' and 'limit' .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  change   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter items from a list of edge errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize the local indent of a matrix by sentence .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  classify   calculate
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return a formatted boxes for the proposals as a neural plot .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  return   details
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test _get admin api calls .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  to   test
truth:  url   url

test:  returns the string .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  text   outputs
truth:  string   string

test:  return the shortest partition of a named package(s) .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  attach a single item with the specified node and return a load-balancer .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remote   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if the given directory is currently last last access to last file returns: bool: true if successful .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  verify last objects of an attribute contains the specified name .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow warning .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  warning   log
truth:  log   log

test:  state a default json search cli example: .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  this should do a view .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  fix   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get the 'date+%s' of the current thread .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure that exceptions raises an error with no content-type .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  read config config file into json .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  save   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the node that are descendants from node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to support the first item from the sorting .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  detach the subnets to detach .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  attach   elb
truth:  detach   elb

test:  returns a string that contains data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively add to lowercase .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  take a hex color with rgba probability of the corresponding color number .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  wrap the restricted contents of the request .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  access   access

test:  convert the value into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  perform compute_md5() .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  null   run
truth:  compute   compute

test:  dummy sample and sample data in sparse score .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  return   check
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return an integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  null   numeric
truth:  create   binary

test:  perform popen .
truth: run a command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  set up the saved binary sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  send vehicle in one specified by the specified velocity vectors and for the specified velocity .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test that pip .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  if   a
truth:  test   test

test:  random init .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  find all columns in the column .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  inputs   a

test:  finds a random subset of expected with expected values in the given css value .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  finds   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  start all ssh symbols and exclude applications .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  start   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the leading g from f .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  content   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  transform a string to the lowest return a row of ints .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  simulate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  }result the registered availability .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a pubkey from a binary file .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the basic dns ip addresses .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update the given configuration variables to access all loaded variables .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  update   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  simulates a flask stub remote host remote url .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  close   null
truth:  does   null

test:  sign an attribute value from the given signature .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches a value of output from master .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  list   check
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read source spaces from a fiff file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  split a line into lines and newline lines .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  split   a
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return a list of all exercises that the user is currently '-latest or '-latest .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send an email when a new email about a new reporter .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of names of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert string objects to unicode .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a mock plugin .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an xml file .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  get a lift devices .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse openbsd output .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  an services to attach the certificate in the specified server .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  define   null

test:  given a nested path name .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  if : if ruleitem | empty .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  command   null
truth:  null   varlist

test:  return the graph of a graph .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  make   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verifies the same attribute of an object nxm access works and verifies that the class will result access to a class .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  creates   a

test:  dictionary of softmax function responsible for the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders an html template in the currently set .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print all commands .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if a dict is grains .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  finds and returns first element in predicate for which predicate is true .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoints cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of 2d model with u'integrate' 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   subpixel
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  strips all entities in and including <> .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  null   anything
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip by compute host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  'management command line from the django option .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  command   a
truth:  execute   django

test:  returns the versions of the file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert markdown reviews to numeric reviews .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  convert   render
truth:  text   text

test:  decorator to skip tests for l .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the container container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  open a gcode file .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  open   null
truth:  call   call

test:  given a function type .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  use multiple records to generate log messages parsed from the given log .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  to   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list of the egg objects .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  entrypoint to the main process command .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  to   null
truth:  start   celery

test:  require an command under login from a given directory .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  make a sorted list of ports available .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  make   ports
truth:  scans   null

test:  test histogram of js flushing and filename .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   url
truth:  test   initialization

test:  builds a string that contains a pem-encoded .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  builds   retry
truth:  return   return

test:  program -> list returns a list of arguments .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  run   python

test:  return list of expressions in the expression .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a iso8601 mqtt locale or calls option .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  convert   date

test:  gets the type of automatic extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a dictionary of edges .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  filters the list of nodes in a depth-first-search graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  filters   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  wraps a method to run a class with a unittest application .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send an event numbers in a session .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  internal parser method to get a .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns an iterable that generates a list of valid 'iterlengthisnotamultipleof%i' .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the object referenced by a package .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a text string to the tree .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   statistics
truth:  display   a

test:  change virtual color state .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the alternating neighbors of g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a timestamp protobuf to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to parse enum name .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  list   subset
truth:  to   redirects

test:  registers a class .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  install   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random string .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  an absolute absolute median absolute maximum absolute error .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   median

test:  compute the special sum of the airy at sparse todo in the expected coordinate .
truth: computes np . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find most of the values that will called by the current colon .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   return
truth:  count   count

test:  return a purchase object .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that category installed .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   get
truth:  null   validator

test:  replaces greater than sql server value .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  register a immune to be called when the process has the windows source files to avoid goofy .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  simple helper function to get the contents of the layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  null   get
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  get all twisted and return from the global and properly .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  get   dictionary
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url existing use of test server tests .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   control
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to create a valid hosts file this module parameters hosts : writeme returns writeme .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function of the second kind and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure that a given value is set to be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional cluster cluster node with a
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a ask with ask .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  ask   test

test:  random orthogonal weights .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  init   up
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an instance from the instance .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only works on windows systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  works   work
truth:  work   work

test:  register a system account as well as dict .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  returns the internal project specified by the given name and returns it .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  outputs a named attribute dictionary .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  output   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  convert timeseries 2-tuple of nested image .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set share permissions on given user .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  set   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the global image path .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   function

test:  check if git git stderr .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check a password against a given salted summary against a string .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check voting classifier selects smaller class label in -3 .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   voting
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  a task_id task_id for passing in json format .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   steps
truth:  returns   task

test:  add metadata for pythons scanning .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  add   apply
truth:  create   create

test:  try to run a function as fetch instance .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up urlpattern to test fixtures .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  a json_formatter function .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the hermite wavefunction for the personal factorial the sympy roots l .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that remains .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   app

test:  clear the url by emulating the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  null   reset
truth:  set   set

test:  send a given user .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  send   classes
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all the notification subscriptions for a given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   contextmanager
truth:  get   get

test:  get items from a snippet by name .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  get   a
truth:  process   json

test:  returns a testsuite loaded by name .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  run   run

test:  set the directory to shell in it exists .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieves the given flavor number specified by the flavor config .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  accepts   try
truth:  return   return

test:  makes :class:~datetime endpoint around an http response response .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  get a list of non-html to identify sasl .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   keys

test:  delete all users from 1+ .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   user

test:  given a sequence of source files .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  given   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  makes a tree template string by receiving absolute physical tree .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the number of galaxy random variables .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test that vi works without actually doing from program .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the kernel linear normal normal normal normal distribution .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   rule

test:  checks whether the given database is available .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the squared ce precision .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove given tenant from the flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  given   remove

test:  serialize request .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  request   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as an array .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  change   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove multiple events .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   lines

test:  dump the config in yaml .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  files   load
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize a log file .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  using   resize

test:  write the source examples to a file .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  write   print
truth:  errors   errors

test:  return true if the package files contained in the given package .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return file type .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  file   data
truth:  file   file

test:  get nodes with accounts parents :arg notes: related to the given accounts period .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  get   null
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the purchase activity repository for another user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  list   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a iso8601 date string to a datetime object .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get a version object by name .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a single status partition .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  0print : intconstant .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  null   example
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a list of header headers and a dictionary .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a method which will be used in the uuids at the bottom in the given table .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  get   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorate area contains inputs .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  gives   js
truth:  return   return

test:  format a datetime object for display .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   null
truth:  utc   utc

test:  solve an ordinary homogeneous for testing .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   compute
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  convert a hex color to hex color format .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a theano shared variable with given shape and shape .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  adds a new model labels to the model labels .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  learn   a

test:  sets the current idle setting to be called in seconds .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns request to a message .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   get
truth:  sends   null

test:  should always return bokehjs bokehjs .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the version of the combined string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated value as an int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if utcnow is before the given date .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if this model and fields are allowed .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json severity severities representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   events

test:  return a filename .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check a summary description of type description .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  register   null
truth:  value   value

test:  given a list of fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   field

test:  returns the given image .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of data .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds out power of input ordering ordering connected to this version .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove all 4 values from data .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  make   null

test:  stops a list of decorators for logging .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  stops   interface
truth:  if   null

test:  extract only the base64 id from the given objects .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return precision information from decimal table .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  deserialize   sets
truth:  get   precision

test:  calculates the frobenious cost of two parsed by rational .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this function implements the n*m connections for x .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  generates   compute
truth:  compute   camera

test:  parameter: all startup routines used by the startup .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  used   null
truth:  run   run

test:  you have to call the configuration options .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  have   event
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check if x is an iterable of polynomials in x .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  return   return

test:  compute quadratic spline .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns an bits of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  a view which implements the response headers .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  context manager to yield all the classes of a discard document .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  decorates   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  equivalent to dotted .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  to   return
truth:  loads   null

test:  update global timeout type .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  extract   supervisor
truth:  set   http

test:  sets up a lock .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  sets   changes
truth:  lock   a

test:  helper to split the netmask and return it .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on debian systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  work   null
truth:  run   run

test:  fetch up the callback callback .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  read   null
truth:  expands   null

test:  split objects for attribute .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  split   new
truth:  returns   a

test:  export the given git if it doesnt already exist .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  export   methods
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for fields after description header .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a version where to insert multiple complex x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  split   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  creates a network model and send it as a fif neural using the sock neural appropriately .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  model   a
truth:  train   a

test:  do the union of the baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  disassociate   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates public ip override command to run in appscale environment as defined by appscale .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return information about an in-memory url from a config file .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  return   create
truth:  remote   remote

test:  converts the given value to a float .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  quote / character references so that they can be used in a url .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  null   try
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  save grades in a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  save   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  this function is signed to test with length .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  function   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get the value of a variable in a space-separated element .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  approximation to the given rgb list .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert rgb values to hex color formats the given value .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a metadef visibility object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png image as the sales backslash for the specified image .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a view that is read .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  return   view
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   pull
truth:  return   return

test:  execute the given command and returns its output .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a full array with ones .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator factory for adding the instance_info_cache resource to execution .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a model to the model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  model   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manage command line arguments in zip file return .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  command   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return a mutable bound for chunks of n elements .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  null   in
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update related models in git .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  initialize   servers
truth:  update   update

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching for ['/']for .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a call on a topic map .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  execute the main body of the script .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  generate a single version of the names .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  assert   returns
truth:  format   format

test:  return a command .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  return   method
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  a simple replacement for the given genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  errors>< an error response .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the indexed polygon from a given row .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  render an html plugin .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   handler
truth:  render   render

test:  custom page to access a new theano - used by gis @todo: version .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new cmac cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  prints all labels in the input data .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  remove the specified period .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  cleans   return
truth:  do   null

test:  creates an object by name .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of indices over a chisquare test for pairs of time series .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   get
truth:  test   test

test:  ascii pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   unicode
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  create a git folder from the git header in the git folder .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves an best order linear homogeneous partial differential equation with homogeneous coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  makes sure class methods .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return a random smooth permutation with the layers .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a string which leaves the pprint after a url .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  generates   uses
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  waits for a given id to become with an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  null   null
truth:  click   click

test:  finds long code code that gets used in a match .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  this function can be used only if necessary .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  limit   null
truth:  function   function

test:  maximum of the input array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a number of cost into one big numbers .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  using   null

test:  removes a nexusport binding from the current transaction .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read comment nodes .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  given   a

test:  expect html contents .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  null   return
truth:  insert   insert

test:  write a value to the specified stream output file .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  write   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a class formatted date from the given iterator .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   send
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  determine if parallel is a prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   integer

test:  get global script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a single image with a strings/integers image .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  convert file vector with axis .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  make   runs
truth:  list   list

test:  get the constant and guess dictionary containing the current constant value .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  return   error
truth:  create   a

test:  disable an error string from the registry .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  disable   host
truth:  declares   null

test:  compute flowgrams for the specified youre clustering .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  when a grid dict is run and identifies it .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  enable   display
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of functools-wrappable attributes .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  prints text to amount of characters in a string .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  return the names for a list of names .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  get path and cache directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the md5 slicer .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the hash for writing metering user .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a dict representation of the particular header .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  is   null

test:  ensure an matcher is enabled .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  mark   date
truth:  change   change

test:  recursive helper method that iterates a result of a given expr_eval .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  check if any parsing in the background .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  raise error message error .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  assert   check
truth:  make   null

test:  a synonym for the integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the ['name']property build spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  simple test for %rerun .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  remove   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  registers a source string by connonical .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  output the given arguments passed into a function supports out pin .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available network device .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  return   get
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  used to return current service range .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  to   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a service .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  call signature:: set of axes:: and set the ylimits interactively and kwargs override the relevant state of the test server .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a list of desat .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  make   matplotlib
truth:  set   set

test:  if there is an instance of a class that compares the mro .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  make sure that a frame is available is not linked to that module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  make   validate
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  determine if point is before or equal to before initializing .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  if   null

test:  uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  group groups for dataframe .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  null   security
truth:  if   test

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  given   a
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  estimate the rho covariance matrix parameters k : ndarray the vectors returned by the input knot : ndarray the number of word polynomial equation the upper triangular of rho coefficients
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve gecos field info and return it in dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   reboot
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the keyboard role *usage:* :code:<your code> *example:* :code:<section> this keyboard :code:<your
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller - needed when skill tries to allow internet access to the s3popuplink line .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   change
truth:  null   crud

test:  provides commit config files .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  short   get

test:  generate attribute for an http <a> summary summary docstring .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  return spectral array x along the kth .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  helper function to return an unambiguous datastore with a smtp/impa content .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  lookup   convert
truth:  generates   null

test:  decorator that turns a list of bytes into the given qpointf object .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  guess   figure
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object - create a trunk .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  validates urls against a simple url .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  prepares   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a path from root directory at a root tree .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate writer lines for g parameters g : graph a networkx graph encoding : string encoding for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  build collectors .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  format   get
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a random user string .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a threshold ask sequence .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  convert a name: name: return the result from the network .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  process   process

test:  perform an http response and kill it if it were partial or kill it continue .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  call   call

test:  run pep8 on a remote repository .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  reports   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate remote files with remote realpath: args for hold included in .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  normalize   -
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of all known users for the source project .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a request reply *accept* and return a tuple .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return minimal filter of height bsgs base .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  return   function
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given dest .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  turns some comments from the given string into a list of sentences objects .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  collect info from continuously .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  running   null
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse the gcs uri into the gcs uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  return normalized number from the conversion of p .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  do a function .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a ndarray to a list of strings .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  convert   tests
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing sentence object from text .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list all available postgresql attributes cli example: .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  applies a list of even on the system and b of the list .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string argument to a long .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  formats the json according to the json .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  control   url
truth:  run   web

test:  return a module to user-provides folders in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  the unicode http response .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this function instanticates a sql dataset into a return value .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  force   return
truth:  perform   a

test:  return hex color from the number of mount point .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validate the username/password formatted date into a single weight record .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  validate   testing
truth:  breaks   up

test:  returns a message to which a message belongs .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validator for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  read evoked data from frame .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  read   null
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  recursively find a list of packages and returns the test suite .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks backup tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  tests that stringify exceptions that fail on a test .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  tests   use
truth:  calls   a

test:  gets the mac adapters in seconds .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  returns the cloudstack to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  display   display

test:  do x k .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  do   x
truth:  if   test

test:  populate a function or a new-style query string .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a special name of the specified by moving the specified name .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  new and convert a content-type contained in a content-type to a new content-type .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  a scenario wrapping tags should have a scenario .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   null
truth:  having   a

test:  helper function to get the email status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert urls in a dynamic page to a canonical page .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  returns true if field is return false .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  function   function

test:  build a template alembic dictionary from all parameters of arguments .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  add arguments to the arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  add   arguments
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of tuples of the given field .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   equation

test:  change facts .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  change   node
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  returns the given string as an unicode string .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks whether a given module has a new one .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  maintenance an including database connection cli example: .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  string   string

test:  decode an opcode as a fvwi string .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  formats   encode
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  test collection conflicting image can be signed .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  test   test
truth:  result   result

test:  converts a dictionary with recommended ids to the exploration .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test for a babel size .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   test
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the '--level' line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  assigned to g .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  to   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  wrap a function inside a registry .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  wrap   sets
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  create a json axis' problem .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  create   formats
truth:  null   null

test:  create filesystem name based on filesystem .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  clones master of repo_url .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   null
truth:  specified   clones

test:  return formatted context for a previous frame .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  return   start
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a managed tags to the given aws user .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  quote the windows .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   change
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned symbolic integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  generate a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  create a vbd record and returns its reference .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  error code that should not return a whitespace .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  null   function
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a full server description .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns an iterator with the datarows api .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts that an condition is true .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  asserts   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  a basic music for being used in a with a new playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   version
truth:  stack   stack

test:  initialize data directory that starts with etag .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  initialize   up
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a quoted version of a quoted string .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  convert   current
truth:  given   null

test:  simple wrapper for normal_ordered_form: that looks like a list of files that are available .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   test

test:  delete a scheduler scheduler .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  initialize the slice of indices in a slice .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  function   function
truth:  create   a

test:  print the estate manor stats stats stats stats .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  returns number of items that need to be ignored .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   number

test:  return the directory of the current linux distribution cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   up
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a number to the number of bits required by the given string .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  create a kadmin cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  attempts to decompose the first form of n n .
truth: return base . 
test:  to   a
truth:  base   base

test:  accept a custom session to start .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  returns the name of the dataset .
truth: custom view . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  view   view

test:  check to see if systems is in the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  returns anything in subject string .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  remove all unnecessary items from a list of least one .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluates if obj is a :class:lazy element and return its value .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an instance .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return a matrix of sort function that compare bases of nbits bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove pairs from file .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  file   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  get filename starting with gallery .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   ipython

test:  make the list of enabled filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  marks   checks
truth:  validates   validates

test:  removes a role for a user from a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  get   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  a relative relative a a .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  change   repr
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true if address belongs to cidr all-nodes local address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is newer with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  log all log .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  log   log
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  tries to determine the total distance matrix by distances in list of distances .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  attach   prefix
truth:  chooses   a

test:  insensitive multiplication .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  query timeseries public metric between two stats and the timeseries .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   null
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of sql statements used to flush all sequences for django tables .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates bson mapping for a mongoreplicasetclient .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get path; and version of contactssample .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  get   current
truth:  null   os

test:  echo decorator to stdout method .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  change   change

test:  mask a mask in data .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete a get or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  content   content
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  returns an lion object for the specified id .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  url   url

test:  add given pixel to template .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a standard swift header string with an headers .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  imports a module by its path .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  if   return
truth:  exploit   import

test:  returns github api labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   a
truth:  github   github

test:  perform egyptian search for there are any desired elements .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  unregister   values
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  test decorator for a test case when the decorated function is run in use a specific backends .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  test   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  sort a sorted list by sorted by sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  returns true if the specified targets are the target in this context .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets metric by name from list in this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a date into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get a random global global securely-generated combination .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  get   a
truth:  be   null

test:  convert a chance between two points .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  register a class or class as a policy function .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  store   handler

test:  formats a string using an integer or formatted list into a large template .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  is valid internal helper function .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  function   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prints out the data ami .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  prints   up
truth:  get   get

test:  return a decode version of strings .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test overriding a large array with an array .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true/false pull request only contains the remote tags .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  mark   return
truth:  return   arguments

test:  extension to a function .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to respond specific cors requests .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the number of bits of a phonenumber .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  csr a csr on a specified certificate .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  null   a
truth:  does   null

test:  returns a list of the state in the given task .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  gets the child node of a node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  like   like

test:  a function that keeps one or more than one type and 3 its results .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute q noise .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  allows a url to the user under social auth .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign the given rslices to a list of images .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   fingerprints
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return an image .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  return   seconds
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a ratio: .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validate that the given data .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a post request for the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  send   test
truth:  perform   a

test:  lags of color rotating execute() parameters overlap : array rotating under the expected covariance matrix rotating : array_like circle under mean hypothesis .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   covariance
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieves all home to be performed in the choice .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   return
truth:  read   read

test:  convert a string to a normalized string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add new headers to the response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  add   headers
truth:  cache   cache

test:  shuffle a numpy array .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   test
truth:  run   run

test:  convert a scipy .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  get   get

test:  fetch data for cinder fields for cinder .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  return   a

test:  is this a neural cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  is   a
truth:  time   time

test:  check if value is a email .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  a generator function to iterate over a nice file object .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns a network version .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this module supports grains .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  load   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  a banded function designed for testing .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  logarithm of the cubic distance between x and matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  decides   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return system per-cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  build a private key that takes the given key and converts it to the same dict .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  build   a
truth:  split   split

test:  removed trace on a vcenter .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a arma plan from ec2 .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  display the flash .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  running   display
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   a

test:  patch everything before many projects .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  like   like

test:  return information about all the entities in base html .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  time   html
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  converts json object to json so that it can be embedded in json format .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  encodes   dictionary
truth:  output   output

test:  make sure all ports on a failure are selected (in edx out .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  make   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying cache from deactivated file .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  query   method
truth:  querying   test

test:  create roughly .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  create   create
truth:  return   return

test:  listen dispatcher .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   section

test:  quote a single line containing a matching line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  print text format .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   text
truth:  print   print

test:  load the specified tree path .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  load   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bonjour the closest fill or multi-line nodes of a given node .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   cluster

test:  count the number of individual chapters for the given libvlc descriptor .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   get
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  skip   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra and stops monit monit down to stop .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   zookeeper
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  get the current cache by looks up in the request .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load out the semantic state .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  existing   roslib
truth:  null   null

test:  encode strings by urllib .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract the version of open file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete a specific image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  specified   delete

test:  launch photo of every class .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this method logs out all of the alert account .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  shrink   null
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse a response location into a response code .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   status

test:  sends and acts request .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   items
truth:  filter   items

test:  verify the checks for the given check agent .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a string as already unicode .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  echo __context__ to webpack .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  instructs   null
truth:  install   install

test:  searches for full table .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  searches   function
truth:  if   test

test:  mock an item from a swap model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check that the given path is installed .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  null   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  add the backup file to a backup directory .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a discrete usage in the minion .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   salt

test:  returns a base64 encoded string .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  status a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unfollow   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filter .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filters   string
truth:  filter   filter

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove special configuration file created by tests .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  render   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  a check that tests that a given value is an integer and optionally .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test tax order class with tax lines .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  abort the specified number of format_as and return a list of names .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  abort   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the directory for mrjob and it will be searched .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   file
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get full point enough to a segment file and the next segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all string that match the given string .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return a unique path object .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  write a message to the specified name .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  write   documentation
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return output fasta filepath and truncate the log file .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  output   output
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of best best to return a list of best addresses args: kwargs: list of term to return .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compose a function that applies a list of arguments into .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  compose   validate
truth:  support   multiple

test:  delete yank and yank from the connection .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  verify   rl_forward_char
truth:  run   run

test:  write an item to a file .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  ensure that api user add an api view .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  retrieving   tests
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  stack hash header .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  parses the constructor for a given yaml tag .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   callback

test:  this is the first word of the bin functions .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  is   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  tries to parse a given percent .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  to   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the pid of pid data .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  process   process

test:  removes a module from a string name .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the pathname of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to convert argument to a string .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  link in the oauth2 draft .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  link   link
truth:  make   a

test:  return the laplacian laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the suffix of the string .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  finds the condition in a set of vertices .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decode exception into http stack frame .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  exception   unpack
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the currently active :term:application or the global platformif if no request is not enabled .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the regions for the given region .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a backing cache according to the state if no cache is given .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  attach   a

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a text to text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the expected value of a project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is available .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  works   works

test:  return a subprocess wrapper around subprocess .
truth: run a command . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience wrapper for checking whether an object is getobjdir and contains a text formatted .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  null   try
truth:  null   standard

test:  a python related to a new python version .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the libraries for the libraries .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show an images for the specified image cli example: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  show   details
truth:  return   details

test:  handle handle params .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  call   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  converts a long integer values in seconds since the epoch .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  given   a

test:  deletes all the provided files .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  deletes   get
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  convert the string to string .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  regex   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return the absolute version of a path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filter paths specified by the resource path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   null

test:  remove an email address .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  is   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  given a stream of data factory .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a helper method that checks if the user is associated with a redirect to the num-th .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  return the basic path for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  return   -
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the git branch for the current branch .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  checkout   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  convert files and delimited answers result to a flat list .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  compute the squarefree exactly one complex matrix .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the list of calendars specified by the dns deployment .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   sets
truth:  queries   queries

test:  is the given path a valid egg from the file system .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  is   return
truth:  if   check

test:  set the name of the problems .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  convert a datetime .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   identifier
truth:  view   view

test:  all maxdishes .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create a random string of "b" digits .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  password   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   a
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that zero .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert data to a batch of data .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  convert   link
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  look   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a pickle portfetch and add it to the corresponding unicode value .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate random hue pattern with the specified length 1 .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  only load if zc .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  determine   check
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  export permission from databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  patch   patch

test:  given a pair of points .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  null   null
truth:  moving   compute

test:  create a dictionary of platform classes .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  test freezing a freeze that runs only with two marketing arrays in pylearn2 .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  null   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  fetch a snapshot of a given file .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  given a course code .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  batch a tensor .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   x
truth:  turn   a

test:  call the connection with the given timeout and wait for the timeout .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  call   request
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  mailinglist view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   milestone

test:  determine if shuffler service is available for the app .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  validates and return a list of iterables iterables .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get the service entry for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that return the given norm of a input query .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  suspend all supported registry bindings that correspond to the command line .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  fix an error message .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   null
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  try and merge the definite stream .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  returns the most recent key name given kind of the users header .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  extracts   null

test:  a simple helper for internalerror .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  null   get
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  encode   bson

test:  returns the currently set of assist mobile as a reference name .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  entry point for testing .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  module   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export an --help .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number in the file in the given file .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read styles from a list of squared source .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   in

test:  update the datastore info needed to write the datastore .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  update   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that a value is a docker docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that value is true .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  given a collection of value .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  given   null
truth:  select   null

test:  determine whether a set of ports are available .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  determine   sets
truth:  removes   null

test:  checks to see if player is found .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  is   load
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property in a namespace .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  require the user if acl is a collection of the given collection .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get current machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the approximate set of a given object .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  reads   null

test:  testing with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  null   output
truth:  output   output

test:  create a tower instance from a worker .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns plugin .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the profile profile for a given road instance .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   truncate
truth:  returns   a

test:  containing list of timestamp .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  list   null
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for all authentication auth methods .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield an package and all subdirectories of a file for that directory .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  recursive   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  the coursemodesarchive endpoint for appropriately foreign registration registration list .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  look   null

test:  given a string of a symbol .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  check some simple variational stats .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  put   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test test cases from raw projection .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  null   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  process indentation spaces in block mode .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  indentation   null
truth:  process   process

test:  compute f modulo f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  a bar bar .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  providing   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  writes a numpy array to a file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  create   html

test:  generate operating for operating system packages .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  accepts   a

test:  helper function to compute the output length of a convolution operation this function computes the input length by a single axis .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   function
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the return the return the return value of a given variable .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  parse cookies cookies .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parse   cookies
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for roles have .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  ensure that the specified plugin is currently installed .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  ensure   verifies
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for state .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  ensure xenapi works correctly when galactic works like these than timing .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  check   merging
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper to make a script prompt .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given course is marked as expected .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if x is an instance .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently active language or the current thread if it is currently active .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests if topic can be instantiated when creating a topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   null

test:  set up the external compute class .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run interactive tests .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  tests   run
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the channel is intersecting enough into a loop and the channel .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a new return .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  get   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  a more than a tree .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over a file descriptors in a file and returns them .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  filter   column
truth:  iterates   null

test:  return the last .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  return   file
truth:  null   null

test:  return a default yaml resolver object by replacing it in constructor .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  function   schema
truth:  initialize   null

test:  will allow -d to override global region backends backends .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  registers   function
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return hash for file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  render an html document to a document .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  given an iterable of key/value pairs .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  given   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  low-level implementation of a polynomial in the random_combination domain .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate wrapper to generate wrapper in universal resource .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  change   a
truth:  generate   resource

test:  write the field in a salt cloud cli example: .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  write   data
truth:  return   data

test:  check for an email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  check   null
truth:  email   email

test:  generate all the options for this thumbnailer .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the insteon info['partitions'] component .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka value to use .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  sum of booleans as parameter .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  handle updating a basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return a unique music path for the provided resource name .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets current pipeline state .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   seed
truth:  set   a

test:  get the releases with the musicbrainz releases as a dict with an releases key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   get
truth:  search   search

test:  return an integer having a positive integer n .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get the system or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   a

test:  generate iterations of slices for empty .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  split the specified name .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  to   return
truth:  is   null

test:  check if the given action is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes unicode to utf-8 and then unicode .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  serializes   function
truth:  to   encode

test:  the .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  return   a

test:  given the environment info .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  file   github
truth:  requests   requests

test:  yield the given iterator .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the old with an interval .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   a

test:  export the specified patches .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   wrapper
truth:  git   git

test:  upload an s3 object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  send pyrax information to the response .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  try to retrieve a primary gpus given user and user id and user list .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   function
truth:  set   set

test:  start raet binded binded to the given standard namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  set up the admin_password platform .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  given a path exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the internal backend .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a random list of global sampled limit .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  get the parameters of a list of parameters of all the parameters in a given :class:layer to be valid .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  an element .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert an image along with the given cmd .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensures that the specified user is deleted .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  multiplication multiplication .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  convert a castra to a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the pydoc hypertext help documents from the next hypertext dict .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set the logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  set   logs
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the module name of the system .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get a expected error message from a network .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  get   null
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  return the name and end username .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the configured language directory .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  return   a
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create a temporary file created with the given parent .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  copy the file and successive text to write_file .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the repo that links .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  convert   days
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator that forces django header in the response data .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  ignore   tests
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  wraps text using new next-hop .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  text   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get the registered rule value for the win32 .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the given metadata on database .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the subtitle extension in the given video path .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  replace the given text into text .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  handles   string
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  return a cache file .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   directory

test:  default -> gpudot test html element is key_id by default .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check if file descriptor is a high notifyinitializationerror .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  shutdown workbook .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  the little compatibility of xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  json json object for a json file .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  rate   a
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the specified image is present .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   image
truth:  ensure   image

test:  replace url with a relative url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  url   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  convert elements to tup: if floats represents completed .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  function of polynomial .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the folders created by the folders in the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator factory .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   decorators
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  generate a list of possible arguments for a dynamic task iterator given the provided converter .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return locale from locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  return   check
truth:  make   null

test:  return the 'complex' of the list given by the given type .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  return   key
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return boolean if shape == 1 .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  file   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  return the id of the global application model .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  prefix a package prefix .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  installed   null
truth:  require   a

test:  restart the specified service .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  validates and raises a invalid space or published .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the altaz flag calls will try to make sure the altaz distance to accessdenied .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  null   repeat
truth:  null   null

test:  encodes packed packed data sensors .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a [sequence] .
truth: like @property . 
test:  results   a
truth:  like   like

test:  for a given user .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the growing graph of the graph with p vertices .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete and signs a cookies cookie .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   update
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  generate upload file .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  generate   method
truth:  runs   op

test:  obtain uptime from show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  string   null
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  same as exonerate .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load the latest certificate lineage file from config .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  load   null
truth:  do   null

test:  returns a string representing the given versioned arguments .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  helper to find rabbitmqctl zip member path_item member .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  expand   dictionary
truth:  extract   null

test:  ensure the named grafana res[name] is absent name the name of the state of the state to remove all of the scheduled host to delete on .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse sections in pattern .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   entities
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return path to mock file .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   set
truth:  transform   transform

test:  decode string with utf if possible .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of information about all of the rest api .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that the specified existing configuration is absent name the name of the specified object is absent .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  tests our model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  tests   character
truth:  to   try

test:  concatenate the arguments for the given module .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  generates   rate
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test that 3998 .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  test   time
truth:  url   url

test:  a simple replacement for views that returns a response object .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  turns   a

test:  retrieve the metadata for the specified instance and metadata it .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that automatically determine an executor on a specific args .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  execute standard deviation .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate list of all directories in the given path .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  list   null
truth:  drop   directories

test:  unquote an item with an int .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  interfaces   undo
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  strip all commented lines at the front parts .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  string   string

test:  update an esxcli command directly on host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  run   list
truth:  show   status

test:  make a converter from a list of numbers .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  make   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return the argument in the native script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computation of all registered implementation by a set of gpu .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to write an object from an appropriate metadata file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a named database .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test that a list of hosts test cases .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a assert .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  makes an external array with a 3d absolute_import .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a list of all exceptions for scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  compute unconstrained parameters k : array unconstrained unconstrained coefficients of points in k[x] .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  finds all program names based on path .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  finds   program
truth:  find   program

test:  create a new partial variable .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if given language is verified .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  to   try

test:  helper for methods that attempts to insert the same mro .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  decode   tuple
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  finds   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media descriptor object .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   get
truth:  read   read

test:  return the extension in a module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   bool
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the problem for a problem with train .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  show information about the cookiecutter about django version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  show   a
truth:  display   version

test:  converts a datetime to the future .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  rebuild use various permission along a single node .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  renames   get
truth:  view   view

test:  makes exponential inner .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns the data response given a linode api .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return virtual memory usage by name .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   load
truth:  allocate   null

test:  get preferred authentication for the specified namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  maps   null
truth:  null   api

test:  given a nested word .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  model   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate the style mean and gram mean given the target list .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   style
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  only run a function .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  ensure that the parent tool is available .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  provide   a

test:  decorator that adds a view only if exception exists and returns a corresponding url .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  view   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  if we have a compatiable fill_value and numeric shape .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  if   mask
truth:  return   a

test:  for a given source .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  content   content

test:  parse a length of the specified code file .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder desired order coefficients for each order of the model .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read 64bit bti file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   paths
truth:  read   read

test:  takes a string as raw bytes .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print a status message to stderr and exit .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  print   a
truth:  error   error

test:  generate nodes of a number of nodes .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  read a read of multipart config[ setting .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  return   get
truth:  searches   searches

test:  generate rsync centrality .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  search   search

test:  usage: lx q[x] .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  string   log
truth:  null   lx

test:  main entry point .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check that imports where there is an exception list that wcs fails list .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an installed binstar is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  constructs a request token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  null   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  check if a query is valid .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string to a reverse string of 0 .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general sorted by getting a boolean depending on whether it is true .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  return   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return html rendered for html .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  return   markdown
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   check

test:  attempts to add a message with the tags and optional with the tags .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  check   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  puts a function to debug on debug debug .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  write   a
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  return a valid column of a kernel spec .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all activation components from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return alf_explicit_auths information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this test should be used as a custom model .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  show   show

test:  a helper function to add a list of error codes .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a running container is matched in the running search name replace the container .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  app the server .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return primary key fields of a numpy ndarray .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  get immediately from block .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  get   connections
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple wrapper around quota .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   html

test:  return the current host number .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  return   get
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return information about a list of services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a string to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  fixed   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a directory .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   source
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterable of trackinfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  helper to convert field value to chararray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  check   null
truth:  function   function

test:  prints access control points from the user and prints a tuple .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  access   print
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  parses an encoded task into a dict .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  post   post

test:  see gradient .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  see   return
truth:  null   null

test:  decode :func:url_decode .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  decode   return
truth:  guess   guess

test:  run all commits .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  bytes   example
truth:  launch   launch

test:  safely exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  like   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generates and install the git package if any git package < _eprocess .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service on the rest_sample .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  show the number of matplotlib image .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  show   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  parses error messages into tokens in the rest doc directory .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  null   pairs
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a list of information from a list of certs .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  generate   reset
truth:  format   a

test:  set the :class:barbuilder backup for the given backup .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  fetch   up
truth:  sets   up

test:  sends a lowlevel request to a terminal .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  attempt to parse a affected event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  send   convert
truth:  given   null

test:  add two numbers to the cg .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  add   try
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  tell worker(s) to stop any unnecessary queues from task by name .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about a notification about a notification about it .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to modify groups of the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns all values in a string with spaces .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that python is installed with python ssh .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  record record on top level and creates a new signal .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  record   null
truth:  join   operation

test:  returns the datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  listen for checking if its the current machine is just a node .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return a valid github stream .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  github   github

test:  compare union of list1 .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  test   increment
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the keyczar signer object returned by the secrets manager instance getcrypter method .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the data received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string describing a /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length of the amount of indentation .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   return

test:  do a set of blocks for the specified course .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  do   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check barcodes of the storage header .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  raise   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to make sure a function always returns a public codec .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  lsm lsm structure from numpy array format .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  encode grades and return the base64 encoded string .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a complete test suite .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  create   method
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  a votable helper for changes that writes the specified location to the specified location .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  null   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns true/false whether a site configuration is enabled .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if any unnecessary in a list of n' is removing it .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  check   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  create the file path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  create   version
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if a path matches one or more patterns in the given patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  add application and set values on all application .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write list of xml .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  write   datachars
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  get any data from the user this dataframe and hide it exists .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  get   users
truth:  gets   null

test:  check the vlan attribute is valid .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  generator to generate random variables .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot inside a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a basic pprint .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   return
truth:  print   a

test:  open the repository constructor with the given init interface .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  open   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return the power of the frequency float .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  return   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  convert a incoming action and broadcast dicts into the mapreduce .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  see :func:_access_rule .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  converts a datetime instance to a string .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  check if article has been modified .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the request object .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  return   add
truth:  add   a

test:  marks database type .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  null   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  return true if github repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  return   up
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  identify   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get the running system client .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a revision for a specific revision .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  watching   view
truth:  create   a

test:  returns hiera report in standard format .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  convert markdown text to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the array of dataset ['flickr .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that column can be loaded .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   column
truth:  test   test

test:  create notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  given a memcache .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  cache   cache

test:  private method for methods that require a fits file .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  perform a course exam for receiving bases from the restful system .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  empty   render
truth:  null   workflow

test:  structurize wrapper for the trees in a cdao method/function .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  breaks   up

test:  check if a specific source is available cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  save   null

test:  convert a url to the same url as 2-axis .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  convert   policy
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given the path path .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach an instance from ec2 .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  the utility for max_revision() that are broken .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  null   fake
truth:  finds   participants

test:  display a color for a given color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  display   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns true if n is a creturn integer .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  hash a hash digest algorithm using string .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path relative to the given project .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  serve a collection of internal .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an entry from an entry list .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  hsg address format: .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  address   null
truth:  header   header

test:  start chkconfig service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   service
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return chunks of given uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the input data .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  raise an error graph .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  error   error

test:  returns a list of list of ids from list of ids .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   words

test:  validate that value is not an integer representing a duration of bytes .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  return true if the specified repository is running within an admin repository .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  add python in media_list_player to its cib .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   add
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   header
truth:  null   resource

test:  open multiple server servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  open   server
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin allows you to define explicit build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  load crispy_forms_tags .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  test   binary
truth:  define   null

test:  a pre-hook for the subclass .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  return a list of users .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sets   property

test:  makes sure that /af/tutorial/issue_2401 are created before simple model .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  signals   update
truth:  connect   connect

test:  group a displaying linear move of expr .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  null   release
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  class decorator for requesthandler .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  request   null
truth:  use   use

test:  return the number that are equal to the same .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  utility function to render the pager .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  function   null
truth:  list   list

test:  load and return the .
truth: open history . 
test:  load   tests
truth:  open   history

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  read unsigned config file from the device name .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  given   return
truth:  read   read

test:  get or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' of a polar plot .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with macports .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  work   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  run docker docker distribution .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  based   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  single : token | expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr | expr gt expr ne
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the path for the rootname file .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if and only if the given virtual machine has no more than a session .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  import a file reference from the given directory .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  import   source
truth:  file   file

test:  delete a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  convert value for a string containing one element .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  string   validates
truth:  if   checks

test:  calculate the simplified precision at any input at values .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog for end-to-end tests .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  launches   null

test:  simple case of patched server .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  error   null
truth:  is   null

test:  build in the sitemap build .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   values
truth:  build   build

test:  creates rrset data from a search_service_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   information

test:  add a plot template and the file_input list so that last axis is comming .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  add   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  execute a data on a given pillar .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  close   a
truth:  send   send

test:  return true if the named service is enabled at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a python unicode name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  return   change
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  returns a single line in the iterable that contains a single line .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a test records out of the row or a test records .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  list   attribute
truth:  return   return

test:  return an absolute path to the file on the system .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  if sdk is suppressed .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of very complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple view that expects a technical error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a key into an 3986 .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  retrieve item in original thread name .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add faces by square .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   properties
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   x
truth:  transform   x

test:  provides image members from the given container .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  given   a

test:  renders home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  copy pylint .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  start   a

test:  default stream page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  execute a program to download the given results .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  kill   implementation
truth:  null   null

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  coil   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  iscsi iscsi name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  null   return
truth:  split   node

test:  returns the full path to the xpath namespaces .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   flavor
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set trend setting for channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the fs side of a matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  view   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show the same messages after the session is shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   test
truth:  show   show

test:  get documentation from ast .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  converts a list of functions into a list of unary dicts .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   convenience
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  given a list of open files .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  format   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait for a volume to become completed .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of websites characters .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the 18 string of a given coordinates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  show daily version of the user .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  show   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create missing items .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  a task that marks a task status for the given instructor status in instructor and populates the currently logged-in task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  returns   task
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the posted params for place .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the model label for the given app .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns same-length if location exists .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  value   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all associations of a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  render all required markdown classes .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  render   render
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing ssl source and power to system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  null   quote

test:  format a format string for proper braces .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   object
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to set definition .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group group group group group group group group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of exploration ids within a collection of completed exploration .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  start a database under settings .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  hack   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test the right censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with expected values for dob values .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  test   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload directly for running local project .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  get   upload
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  check if data credentials credentials or valid credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   credentials

test:  make a service by sending it to the service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   test
truth:  run   run

test:  sends notification to multiple error .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  calculate alternate loss of format_control pdf sequences with t .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  test   test

test:  try to find out installed versions and outputs .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  to   list
truth:  grab   drac

test:  determine the path to an executable if it is given .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues a task to determine the notification subscription for a course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  enqueues   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  check if a file is a binary file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   test

test:  running w/ w/ test .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  create a task for getting the specified metadata in the specified task .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  creates   fingerprint
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: test class functions as display an input data w/ a subtd .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   test
truth:  does   null

test:  given an action and a gui .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  given   return
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  like alloca_once() .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  unicode   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  retrieves the data about the given certificate about the given api .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  retrieves   method
truth:  return   data

test:  returns jobs for all jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  computes the n*m scale estimator .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get data list by cybersource a serializer .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  get   return
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return a valid -]*[a-z aws length .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  sign all files with correct parameters .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of applicable types .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   method

test:  take a string and list of values in partial buffer map .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  take   replace
truth:  map   map

test:  read workers table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  like   null
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  if a year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  validate   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  reads the given getcfs local file using getcfs .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to timeout with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  performs   deseq2
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  run a list of coverage tests and return a dict .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  run   upgrade
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a number to a human readable string .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in x .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  setup the master config .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  setup   worker
truth:  required   items

test:  push the push for the specified image name container name the comment changes to the comment changes to display .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  push   push

test:  list all routing routing table .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  list   run
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get a specific volume_type type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   volume

test:  function to return the list of sections for a given series .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  build an derinteger section as a list of manifest arguments .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  return true if the django configuration configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  get a user for passing a raw user .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  get   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  move swap the cursor position from the current cursor to trigger a dictionary .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the release--desc--short' file path .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test specified eeg .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   inputs
truth:  test   test

test:  set up the raspberry black switch devices .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  set   up
truth:  add   add

test:  an iterable of evoked objects in source .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  is   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a string representation of the specifying chart .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  verify we can construct socket w/ an empty socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  verify   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances of an instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  normalize the given path using the first depth from s .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   a
truth:  depth   depth

test:  register an cachedir cache .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  list all models for a specific project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return utf-8 encoded string to utf-8 unicode .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list corresponding to the specified module .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop all init_declarator .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  if we have exactly added to the beginning and the open .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   null
truth:  input   input

test:  fetches data from uri specified by name .
truth: given a location . 
test:  chunks   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits in the extruder .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the process by sending it to signal file .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  get   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  get a service ids for the given service .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  get   a
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  print each of the given argument list from the given file .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  print   return
truth:  null   argument

test:  return qurl input information from a running user url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   check

test:  helper function to iterate over a given named tuple .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  function   name
truth:  name   name

test:  facility' custom facility' headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  project   custom
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in nonexistent .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  returns the currently active theme or the request if it is currently active .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  activate   sets
truth:  get   get

test:  return a name of seconds since the current proxy minion .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse response or fetching the ssh extensions of a query string to add a list of characters to each line .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  return   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  given an image instances and calls them .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from containerbroker before the metadata column was added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforemetadata .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have sent a sent .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  union   function
truth:  have   i

test:  return a list of modify words in the specified string .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  sanitize an language for a default .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  sanitize   replaces
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  parse a single query string into a dict .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  automatically remove a function from the call to exit .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  like   a
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  prints a value for a traceback version given a single item .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  lists   replace
truth:  print   print

test:  initiate a student request of students samples .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  initiate   shows
truth:  manage   null

test:  a type checking for access control by type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  null   features
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial g of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  load listing package locally listing apps if apps doesnt exist .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send a room to all requests to the --public-key-outfile server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   data
truth:  sending   message

test:  validates gradient metadata after a gradient variable passed in .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  record   students
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot custom legend in a single legend in the recycled .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   sets
truth:  plot   plot

test:  retrieve students from a course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert the text to a char-like ms sql command .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the list of files assigned by the specified output .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  given   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a shell from a remote output and execute it only if a watch statement calls it .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate an elastic key for details .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the hermite distance between two ndarrays .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response from continuous-time response .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  step   response
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  parse metadata for hard polygon .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  list   current

test:  returns if the given query on the right query .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate a .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a dictionary of lowercase objects .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  return   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return our snapper from sys .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders 'includes/form in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   fields
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  stubbed a course enrollment for the given course id .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determine filename based on filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  filename   filename

test:  args tid: thread id data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  list   get
truth:  null   args

test:  return the egg for storing a link .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the vmdk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  make sure the first scenario is ignored .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  simple function to format the data .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  function   string
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the optimal name of the first %s file path as a unicode string .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  get   a
truth:  use   windows

test:  return the absolute version of the given list between the data and the inside the given path .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get the network object for the destination .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   return
truth:  gets   reference

test:  test imap4 .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test decorator to ensure that all examples are correctly compared to run via examples .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  test   urls
truth:  raises   null

test:  render jinja environment with jinja .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   null
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a unicode object into a dict of ascii values .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  download a file and passes it with the specified path .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  download   a
truth:  get   path

test:  try to parse a position from a position .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   security
truth:  fetches   a

test:  ping optionparse waiting into valid cluster .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  requires   a
truth:  create   a

test:  user can change emails .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  confirm   send
truth:  change   primary

test:  pmf a value of a variable in any glsl .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  return a dict of information about a given request .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  gets the version of the installed languages .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  concatenate a list of files .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot a rectangle score at index between x and score .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert a list of indices to a list of bokeh indices .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  the public interface .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  get all volumes in the volume_type .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  helper to make a microsite record .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  to   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  validate a string of int .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  validate   convert
truth:  cast   a

test:  return the user calls for the highest limit calls .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server by creating a resource .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  get server configuration in vserver .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  initialize cached hash for given constraints .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  a view to delete the session from the request and all messages .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  null   function
truth:  get   get

test:  send email this function enables .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   email
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  this should run all defaultdict in a new model as literals .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  simplified   update
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve all whitelisted provider provider provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  retrieve   like
truth:  gets   null

test:  limit a was used to support settings .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  escapes   up
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of an array along given axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   axes
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() should print input to prefix .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this is currently recommended authentication and path all pillar .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  open   jump
truth:  display   display

test:  return a string of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of django control template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to be available for the specified request .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   replacement
truth:  registers   a

test:  return path to local local local local local local cache filename .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an integer to a lower triangular number .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the bearing center x list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an action dict .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   records
truth:  create   create

test:  return clique clique clique graph of each node in g .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  generate an l{errormessage<pyamf message for a cache message and return the response code .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the recipient is available .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add edges to the path .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  dot product .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  execute   helper
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  the authenticated exceptions .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  create a dir' instance .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  load   render
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse multiple options to determine which output labels .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  split   split

test:  return information on the system status cli example: .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  return   state
truth:  package   package

test:  return lowercased string .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  prompts   up
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert field id and id to ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  remove   remove

test:  utility function to create an aware datetime from timezone .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  makes   convert
truth:  generating   a

test:  generate horizontal md5 hash of a string .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  make a numeric entry from c .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate qos_specs with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  associate   volume

test:  sphere the search_projects_by_title function .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transliterate unicode characters to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  string   calls
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register pelican signal for validating content after it is generated .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   generate
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parses "legacy" cwd string and returns the version string .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a fuzzy setting .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check that tuple ecliptic systems give answers consistent with different arguments .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  check   in
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  alternative true the parameters f : ndarray the vector f is a wrapper of f .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an index .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  publish   helper
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a reference to a resources documentation .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  null   samples
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns files in a list of files listing .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  files   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  get http object of the global object .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  extract   secrets
truth:  get   namespace

test:  install an asyncio-based reactor .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  updates comment method .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  determine if the object is root .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  test   test

test:  add asctime-style and related metadata for the specified vm .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  add   install
truth:  install   install

test:  process whether the given value is a valid action name .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  process   a
truth:  compile   option

test:  get solid value by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an ipv4 address in seconds to packed representation .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  convert   server
truth:  extract   information

test:  since proxmox works based op ids rather than names as identifiers this requires some filtering to retrieve the required information .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  returns   proxmox
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the absolute path to absolute path .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  useful for commutativity must be none if function is none .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a simple entry in the local tar path .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns the argument name of a method .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch info about the specified engine from url .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove nzb files from nzb .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   file
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add square to the pixel dictionary .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fix to a frame index in a python file .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  to   resources
truth:  to   try

test:  configure state state .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  color   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that is requested with a custom view that is provided with a custom view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   subitems

test:  decode a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  returns the community of the current request .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   percentage
truth:  update   collections

test:  unlock the python implementation of a threadsafe lock .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  has   state
truth:  if   null

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask if operation should proceed; show a filename .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  show   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix multiplication .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  function   a
truth:  trace   trace

test:  ensure that basic errors work correctly handles other info .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve a key from params dictionary .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  retrieve   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get ancestor elements of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  if   check

test:  run main function .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a files to a string of bytes .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify random 16x16 sequences of float numbers of length data regression with convolutional applied layer .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a string .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper to generate json data .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  to   string
truth:  converts   a

test:  make a version_info hook used by versions of sys .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  enable the specified container agent to a container agent .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  takes a number and give bits .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  specified   get

test:  return a iterators .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function compute the given tensor with a given axis ordering of a stack of 2d logarithm of 2-d .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  patch startservice on this context so that they check that they check they check the previous state first .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  patch   startservice
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to the hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test cube cube .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  saves an existing inventory to the cached inventory .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  function   task
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne clean_eog_ecg .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  initialize a collection to the selected version .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  initialize   access
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   null
truth:  packs   a

test:  retrieves type in seconds .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  retrieves   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the xml .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   mapping
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return error from a atoms .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  error   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generate a dict of emissions .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the permissions of an object or cache if the user has the permission .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a client that tests that the given test client can client be used by fancygetopt .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return the list of unique argument class .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  handle the double-precision bit portion of a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  a generator to yield a list of current directory trees .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test 39 option .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return an index file .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return true if path info should be handled .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  return   null
truth:  inform   null

test:  decode db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   calculate
truth:  db   db

test:  test to ensure that you can split a duplicate file with soup' .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  reverse   test
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased version to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  classify the percentage of pyrax as percentage using hyper .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  estimate   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts 3d rectangular cartesian coordinates to spherical polar coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  checks if the model is callable .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a master widget that will send a master widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set up the tcp binary sensor .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that in-db and directory are marked as changed after the on-disk file ceased to exist and that the query file ceased to the query file ceased to exist if
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  imports a compiler class by name .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  load or move an event on a file .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  update   null
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  open the certificate syntax version and output files for sampleproject .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   method

test:  restart a firewall zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test ws[ with and without zero mean .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   convert
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return an existing local config file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  test problem depends .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return path of current user cache files .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize remotes files with the role .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  get sessions for writing sessions .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the comment tag belongs to the given tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split a reactor reactor into a list of indices .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   null
truth:  given   a

test:  expand a set of common ending .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  align   null
truth:  solve   equation

test:  remove a response from a response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  simulate a pair of polygon .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  null   class
truth:  simulate   a

test:  merge commit information to a git repository .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the profile .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  some simple sanity tests should work .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  log   example
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the periodogram of a pergr filter in length .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract filename from gzip .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  filename   migrations
truth:  replace   replace

test:  deletes a delete service cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  tell worker(s) to election .
truth: hold election . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  hold   hold

test:  when a python file .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   python

test:  attempt to uninstall the specified system cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  changes   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  converts a sum of sparse matrix to an array of floats a : ndarray a numpy format that can be converted to the same length as the input shape .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  sum   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a number of number of targets in a task .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  determines   number

test:  extract messages from vim .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   get
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for permission requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  a list of refactoringtool components in destination .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  fake   function
truth:  generates   a

test:  check if the given user is in place for the given user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  stop gradient of the gradient .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  formats   return
truth:  returns   variables

test:  returns a list of all slave that are being created .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrocompatible ssl certificate to fix the filename .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a linkage array that can be used for both the data passed .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  checks whether rank is in rowwise .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  checks   find
truth:  take   a

test:  try to get a new ip address that use an bounce .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  to   return
truth:  sets   sets

test:  make an array slices in a 2d list .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  creates   index
truth:  index   index

test:  split a user string into lines .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  split   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  extend handler for updating local page .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return the list of proper container names to be removed .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  return   query
truth:  defined   list

test:  add color of a color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  color   hex
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorator to wrap default values of a proper call .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check if it is possible to an existing user .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  compute   authentication
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if a and one .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  a view decorator used in the decorated view of the decorated view .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  view   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  returns human readable integer limit .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  convert time and time for future .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   a
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a wotan tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the tags from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if bucket was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if bucket was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __getslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate power content by points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  writing   inset
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register a new widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  check multiple style objects .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   null

test:  send an object in keyring for an object .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  query   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  format links with html .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  render   render

test:  return an array for given time .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  return   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  get tool shed .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  string   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a document dict .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  closes data as a course summary .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  -   accepts
truth:  upload   executive

test:  convert a certain directory to a resource .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  unzip   null

test:  mock a mock file .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  update   data
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verifies that interaction rows pass to an instance and tells the properties of a property that results from any properties pass .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  to   null

test:  checks a version of currently installed known versions .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete a query from database .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  query   query

test:  create list of log locator with list of log subs .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   create
truth:  log   log

test:  helper function for the matrices to send matrices .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return a dd-wrt scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list contents of a commit .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  list   print
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get triangle mesh from output dictionary .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   triangle

test:  create a generic resource path for the specified filename .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read plain 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   count
truth:  count   count

test:  returns true if all calculating of the two terms are those .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   synonym

test:  list dns entries .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  update   a
truth:  list   current

test:  get report report .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  reports   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  save a network with projectionlayer .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  save   case
truth:  test   test

test:  internal helper .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  null   value
truth:  return   return

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is file-like objects .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parabolic cylinder bessel function kv(z) and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   a
truth:  code   code

test:  set up the forum shell topic lookup .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  checks whether the password given a distance distance .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  insures   null

test:  returns msvcrtreturn support .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  is   get
truth:  null   program

test:  return a list of zones in the same order by the given country codes .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  test whether a path is a mount filesystem .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  test   filesystem
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure timeit is ambiguous .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  round a signed result by using relates .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  round   return
truth:  encodes   a

test:  delete that job is disabled successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an folders of folder .
truth: create directories . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   directories

test:  uploads a command .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  uploads   sdists
truth:  build   sdists

test:  get all attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return dy + point-wise class .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   toggle
truth:  function   function

test:  generate session info .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  function   contacts
truth:  list   list

test:  when we are called multiple tags .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  associate   find
truth:  clean   up

test:  return the result of the result of data using itemsize .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  return   return
truth:  build   a

test:  save all entities in old projects .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  updates   users
truth:  checks   page

test:  create a new list of dimension f in k[x] .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  decorate a default credentials .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  turns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for default .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   storage
truth:  default   default

test:  returns the variables in the template name .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a wrapped list of data .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  return   data
truth:  move   move

test:  compute adjacency squared of the input along given sum parameters power of successes decomposition .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   scale
truth:  compute   variables

test:  test that informative .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   test
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator for benchmarks that require the function signature .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject all existing aws networks .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  called   null

test:  retrieve the sorted list of iosync and returns sorted list .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  the django admin template .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  null   render
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy data in a document .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  test wether - generate a test set of strings for all overlapping calls .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  mark   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  get   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a dictionary of the default titles .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  read   read

test:  escape a list by empty strings .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute a kroneckerdeltas containing the points of the expression .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  find   numbers

test:  a helper function for setting and return a list of iofile .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return hex number to ids .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user from a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determines whether a compound compound types should be changed .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to building a site a site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  source: source: .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  loads   mr

test:  returns the similarity of two probability of the given list of distance indices .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  given two possible datetimes .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   create

test:  helper function that returns an absolute path for the given image .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function to mark a new service .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieves data for all students grades .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  null   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer for objects that also json format .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  obj   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for key=value for key=value theme string .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a complete item with the supported arguments .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   implementation
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade van upgrade upgrade upgrade upgrade or a full system .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  upgrades   null
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  remove tags from the given filename .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  whitespace   return
truth:  url   url

test:  add a background box to a set of imapfolderinfo .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  add   shortcut
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   cast

test:  assert that a and mask are equal .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  null   mask
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  utility function that checks whether name is valid .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  is   return
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the given attribute and its transitive value .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse command line arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  command   get
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the win_lgpo execution module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  set   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  takes a set of headers representing the user headers and transforms them to headers .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  decode a series of all the circle as a tree .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  move a few app into a human readable text .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  start   up
truth:  text   text

test:  return a new network model with a uuid .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add messages to request .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  list   document
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate an nginx power state .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  run the given callables one after the other .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compares base score at the base score .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  step   normalize
truth:  bins   bins

test:  right block device search for right applications .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  module   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  register a sorted list of license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the google application tasks .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  install   point
truth:  setup   worker

test:  give a version of the supplied version .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  moving   arguments
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return a boolean indicating whether an arbitrary element is arbitrary .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  return   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the node for fullname .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture to setup a mock bindings .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  x is np .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   x
truth:  like   like

test:  test connectivity against t[a] .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   like
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into the filters into the filters volume volume volume is in the filters with the filters table .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test -91 validation .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   latitude

test:  returns a dictionary of the parameters for the resource type .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  register a new instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  a generator of replacing permutations of indices in the form of indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   group

test:  get the context associated with an object .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a cross instance of js code .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  create   import
truth:  config   key

test:  create a listener and exit with a given string .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  converts an html timestamp to a timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  elementwise factorial function for computing the factorial of x .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  tests retrieving a view delete a value .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  a: a clsid that can be referenced by the memoized query given .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   a

test:  checks facet names of long is not too long and its list of long instances .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert a flash flash structure .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  run the container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   control
truth:  control   control

test:  return the base64-encoded digest code lparen admin authentication value .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a notification property with a cascading attribute set to a given name .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  update a timestamp .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  checks that the given request has the current locale .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  checks   send
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  returns all items from iterable or iterable .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a {key from the training data .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  create   create
truth:  given   a

test:  create an instance of the given protocol .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure bad cant compile invalid setvif* .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the object corresponding to the given ref .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity connectivity from distances .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   issue
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  connect to github api .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  to   null
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a validator that just runs the keys in it .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a fitness for testing purposes .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  generate   fitness
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  simple helper function for computing the options .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  check that all the last updated since a single operator .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   null

test:  login the specified parameters for a bokeh server prefers the current modifications to the given login url .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  log   in

test:  send protobuf message to a message .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  searches a text after a single pattern note: this should be a colormap .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  resolve   text
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears all history .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the next graphs .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   graph

test:  adds the value argument to a js .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  adds   system
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  escape the elementwise vertically .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  apply   html

test:  load python file .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   load
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display the database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  display   display
truth:  print   databases

test:  'errortolerancesmustbenon-negative' arccosine function .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string in compressed format .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  text   text

test:  'larger' tt variable .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  error   size
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a number to a julian friendly date .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create rpc object to a file .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  point   null
truth:  signs   a

test:  returns true if the given layer has a custom method .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete mysql status cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a sequenceexample partsraise dictionary .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a given user should be made on a report report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  accepts   view
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  check if a server exists on the master .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   wrapper
truth:  null   section

test:  make sequences where an index date were extra .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   event

test:  make a unittest test suite for every db connector which can be used for this module .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  format output .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  format   print
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 2nd kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  verify the __clrtype__ function used .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  make   a

test:  updates a user in order .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  change   change

test:  set the global lut[ .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  set   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  return a remote field instance with a enum .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  describe   null

test:  similar to pythons built and return their original attributes .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  value   set
truth:  perform   a

test:  rename a config .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  store   information

test:  measure of image globally based on self .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if host is valid .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  return   try
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a package and read a exit .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  simple utility for executables set into json object .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  process logging - we get correct logging .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  stack   add
truth:  null   temporary

test:  update environment variables .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  update   null
truth:  run   run

test:  a routine that just returns true if *uri* is an urn .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  generate sure that and categories is allowed to turn it into os_vif objects .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   num
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypt and then decrypt a base64 encoded key .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  setup the training sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return kernel_integrity information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a formatted string representation of a datetime .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  renders   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the type name .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  resets a dirty flag for the dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  build classified macros for printing a string .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test snr plot .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  a context manager for temporary disabling cwd .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  try to return the image from a file .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   attempts

test:  clone a vm .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  clone   null
truth:  let   null

test:  parse datetime object from timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a child backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a datetime to a string .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  if   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  an array for comparing the similarity over an distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  create a recliststore object .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  create   bytes
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  decorator to convert actions to a nms call .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  input   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  delete a transaction .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a blobinfo record info from a blob .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   works
truth:  parse   a

test:  finds the mercurial manifest for a file .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  finds   dictionary
truth:  get   get

test:  extract the code spec from a video code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test tokenize by number .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return true if the given state has a database .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  return   a
truth:  request   power

test:  get the current user on the minion .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a final id into a .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain 32-bit precision .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   information
truth:  count   count

test:  create a glance metadata for the specified volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   update

test:  connect that a new client can be used to the simple client .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  connect   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a string to an native expression containing _version .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   expression

test:  get the disk file system buffer :return: boolean array .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  the version of bokeh currently checked out returns: str : the name of the pants .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the flipwritable command .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  change   replace
truth:  flip   null

test:  perform a bcache location from the string .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  merge 2 dicts and successfully .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  take   null
truth:  nested   merge

test:  write a new source and update it .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  fix   integer
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a schema .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create a astroid node and register it from the given node .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  this fixture provides a enterprise to change a github configuration from the test .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  configure   class

test:  remove unicode characters .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  null   fill
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  since a graph is the specified token .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  align   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a wcs .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse an sqlite3 map into a parsetree object .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  parse   unicode
truth:  create   a

test:  make a tree and axes overlay *ax* the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  uses 0: a list of integers by order to select an attributeerror and a inequality .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  select   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  the nested and they are filtered by spaces .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  convert a string to a number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this function computes the geometric determinant of a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  signal handler to cache basket %} in a context variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  render   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solve power of two power examples .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  solve   score
truth:  null   a

test:  test 4 of 4 lines .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  color   color

test:  makes an iterator by removing the exceptions patched .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  function to display the yaml table for opentype data from the display table .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  escapes   string
truth:  formats   formats

test:  retrieve a mock response from one of the client .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  retrieve   fetch
truth:  mock   mock

test:  helper function to get data for a widget .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  set   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  check a xml config .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel in a package .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  test that huge are saved by url .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  test   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return field definition class for a given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set set up general->editor by inspecting the script inserting a text python script has been general->editor .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  cache cache for common run in clients .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  return   a

test:  create a dict with the given users .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the basename paths for the files using the transformed paths of the file .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return json query and return a dict of the metadata server .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  put   put

test:  removes x along an axis axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  removes   axes
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  read data from file assuming the length of data .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  null   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  convert all messages from string total_size:1g should be of unary \\-\\ .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  convert   info
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz2 and zdt1 development function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  render compliant html .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  certificate   route
truth:  -   -

test:  given an exploration id .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  push a previously allocated or true if we need to match a filenames of the stack .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  push   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  youdon'thaveaccesstothis permission .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  retrieves   view
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for a specific qos - user to reach a port .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   upload
truth:  null   folder

test:  replacement for http:// .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  get kernel path validation function .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require nova or admin context context context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper decorator to parse units in range units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  list all registered projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  null   users
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test fit and writing of a dataset .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   function
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a path to a 3d image .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  import package .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  package   null
truth:  return   return

test:  detects the environment environment variable in the local environment .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  install   django

test:  attempt to set the configuration data for the client .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  to   method
truth:  set   gl

test:  uses gevents and start compiled command .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  to   try
truth:  check   check

test:  delete and return a pending attribute name of grant attribute .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  to   null

test:  convert string objects to unicode .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  string   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add the given palette to the bokeh app .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  add   install
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  load a tensor using wrongnumberofdimensions / add it to none .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  check   number

test:  return the given item .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  null   get
truth:  usage   usage

test:  get infinite-medium projection of a number of ndarray .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for djangos step .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  cast all color objects to the response .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns debugging information about the tracebacks stack .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should take the tables within a step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the entire directory path .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  count the number of binary objects in a string .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  count   a
truth:  display   n

test:  copy the sentence string by tokenizing them into a single sentence .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether a version is a valid version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  check   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  make a function tuple in tests .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  set up the coinmarketcap sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a hexstring property .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  determines if location is currently registered in this file .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  if   path
truth:  to   try

test:  return the configured number .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  output a unix session string for specified args .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   manager

test:  create columns to a dict of writing and write the contents of a dict .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url from a label .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup the available []devices platform .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  release   release

test:  a decorator used to skip this view .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  view   view
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate the given network and raise if it does not exist .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   set
truth:  associate   a

test:  render a due table .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   data
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  check there is no longer existing directory .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the dict passed to the attribute of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  load a data from the network .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  load   data
truth:  read   data

test:  parses selected manifest manifest .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  cached   parameters
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a datetime from a c{datetime using the closest date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the type and 302 topics entries .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part raw digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an array of or the given tree .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  skip subproject if subproject is installed .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  append   project
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merges two filename lists into the given sources .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch raw images from target .
truth: grab image . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  grab   image

test:  send an features .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  null   send
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce traffic server on the local node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   null
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo in where each event is handled correctly .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  listen   a
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new query object .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  create   try
truth:  make   a

test:  returns a json object containing the json .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  calculates nd intervals from an array or rectangular by x at index stretching .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculates   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  retrieves the metadata for a deprecated option .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return only one or several kth was a certain maximum of a certain polynomial .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  load   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the state of a list of packets installed .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  set   set

test:  produce colorbar colorbars with rectangular extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  produce   null

test:  etc etc for a particular memory keys in memory .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test that a line can be work .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  build and return the path to the provided service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  null   information
truth:  check   check

test:  tries to guess start of asset sizes .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  allocate a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  returns unicode string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  python 2 .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a synchronized shared array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  like top .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  like   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a row of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  return true if a path has a valid public path .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  template   a
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test types that have been fully typea see classes .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  is called after every pylab drawing command .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a dict of items .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a custom .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  test   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a factory for creating fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for running a test if decorator is raisemsg *kwargs .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  filters useless levels from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  filters   exclude
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list return a list of paths names and part of the arguments .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a ctypes notification term by most volume size .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  called   a
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of all images on the cloud images .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  dictate arma process simply checks for the given ssl ar process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  init   stream
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  setup app engine .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to a keyfile policy .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   method

test:  styles styles between template .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms id to use .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it should have the length of the scenario as expected .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  returns the time zone .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission on a given user .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  checks the given code should be none .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the bitmap of the given image .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the directory where the given path is the clients object .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns dense cross labels .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  move   returns
truth:  adds   null

test:  helper function for methods .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   inverse

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups inside a window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  view   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  sample any geos args from a linear system .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  resample   a
truth:  run   run

test:  an even at the boundaries of an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the getcdlistdir directory .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   current

test:  test variance of nan .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   values

test:  load a cache object .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  load   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new video subtitle filter .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  enable   notification
truth:  set   new

test:  read all of the command line .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  read   cpu
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  return inner units from cpu .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  plugin   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the list of quota postgres objects in the given package .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the cms name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return the module to be tested .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  return the values of a sequence of strings into a string and 1 .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher to render from an existing document object .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   up
truth:  return   return

test:  query file upload files or directory of an optional extentions keyword argument may be written .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a string - used for testing the text data .
truth: return the text . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  send notification to the given user .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  email   send
truth:  renders   null

test:  return the given text .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   a

test:  the standard episode function signature against the given state name .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a dict of last cloud provider path for all returners .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a utility method to skip a dict of rand_add objects .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   word

test:  wrapper around os .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   directories

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  convert an image shape to a .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the default value of the current thread .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  unicode unicode to bytes .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  unicode   encode
truth:  object   object

test:  default get_id .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  default   first_name
truth:  ensure   null

test:  split a string in clauses .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  split   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  put to create a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   factory
truth:  to   post

test:  return a standard string hash with an four four hash .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generates   compute
truth:  hash   hash

test:  salt-run the largest theano tensor with randomly .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  null   num
truth:  initialize   a

test:  look for a package in the snippet directory .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  look   list
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file fname .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate a function that returns memory usage for usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   minimum
truth:  simulate   a

test:  a demonstration is .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  construct a path to the file using the given path .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  does   null
truth:  given   a

test:  sets the global subprocess .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  a function to convert images to the correct color .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  call the scaling of the tokens with kwarg .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  call   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  debug function .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: inject-passwords configure ignored for the build failure .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a new session for an upnp server .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  returns   replace
truth:  build   a

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  debugging   set
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is an instance of the given type .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the home directory to the setup_environment cache directory .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  to   null
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  compute output size of a batch of shape .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  preprocesses   asserts
truth:  apply   a

test:  given a parent and a parent tags .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bind the average value and bind the sql options to a single table .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  set   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  removes a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the given decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  builds a config object to their deprecated or an str that dna writing from an str .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  builds   get
truth:  build   a

test:  helper function to guess the content of a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  remove the current sphinx from a template .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  extract   replaces
truth:  list   list

test:  calculates a redirect to the user will output a redirect to the social page .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only work on return .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  verifies that the credentials is admin according to the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test column column = empty column names .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of data .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  given   return
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   names
truth:  get   names

test:  make sure the test passed in is a test .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a qutebrowser rule to the database .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  enable   up
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments as string .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add multiple edges in a set of edges .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json managed metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack common data to a connection name .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  show   undo
truth:  pack   pack

test:  returns true if mac_string can be used for valid and determine if specified .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  simple function to generate a valid file size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  null   invariant

test:  plot bottom by multiple time series .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert an empty array to an empty array .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  convert   samples
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameters data : implictly of data .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  return   null
truth:  post   post

test:  set an figure and apply it in the figure .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  set   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return the square matrix of the input data .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  squares   try
truth:  sums   elements

test:  returns the category for caching random signature .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  determine   null

test:  set up system system target .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  set   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this method reads the raw sorting for a given key .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  all modules calls a given path .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  returns iterable checking for given object .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  null   implementation

test:  this generator iterates over a file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks if any root in the given directory are present in a certain root .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  if   check
truth:  files   files

test:  apply an attribute of an iterable of attributes as a guess object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart the docker container .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   a

test:  delayed delayed in parallel .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  export   null
truth:  return   parallel

test:  this mutes standard md5 chunk from the wxpython string into a signed key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a response for s3 tag .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build out timezone from a map .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   a

test:  parse country regions for country .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   one

test:  set global resource dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  list   update
truth:  update   update

test:  get key from gpg keys .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  get   a
truth:  search   keys

test:  given a queue .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  given   queue
truth:  clear   background

test:  removes a session from database .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  gather gather --version cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  package   reboot
truth:  halt   a

test:  return the number of seconds since the epoch to find an int .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  represent   get
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for setting the default .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  service view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  this function modifies a redirect view for a single registration redirect to control service redirect .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  function   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return all data in translation mode .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  coerce   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ones the ones matrix by the elements of a vector .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a random string of the given string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  remove a file from database .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  file   file

test:  a simple replacement for checking if it is an sure that the first work .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  this generator is used to extract all the compiler that have a channel .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability successors .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given stream and wait for the given encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  upload a single validation record .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets a service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  zero order polynomial regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   order
truth:  order   order

test:  parses a particular timestamp .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  fetch network and the network to match settings from sensor .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns whether a resource id is installed .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate batches of i-th sizes .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  performs a string of filterchain indices .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  determines   error
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  parse command line args .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  parse   build
truth:  supports   null

test:  the mandatory attribute lookup by user .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  setup help plots via http .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  help   default
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a sqlalchemy chain containing the result of a querying model for the specified server_url .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use a post request with request .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  use   function
truth:  null   method

test:  get the configured area by the number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  token   token

test:  return dot product by taking .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  validates and parse a validator value for the keys of type .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  return   a

test:  the model will be labeled by the model .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  replaces   dictionary
truth:  converts   payload

test:  converts a revision object into a list of lists .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  is   null

test:  search for the dropped specified in the pattern .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   null
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  curvature is a percentage of deltas providers .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if f matches a regex .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  using   filter

test:  return the capacity length of a python object .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  get   step
truth:  is   null

test:  create a principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  runs a command .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  split   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts action for testing .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create the database .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a string correlation ordered by a plotly ast in a plotly .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine if a token can be refreshed .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  if   template
truth:  if   null

test:  report report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  report   view
truth:  display   display

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  split diff text .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing tokens .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  resizes binary' output .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  resizes   files
truth:  merges   video

test:  a simple test signal handler .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  signal   update
truth:  null   initializer

test:  do we have a complex system-v .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  parse devs dict['replication and pass in the same .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  exit   a
truth:  parse   devices

test:  this function is only english {% lift authentication .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  null   change
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter a function suitable for marking the contents of a list of right opening/closing counts .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  null   variant

test:  protect switching .
truth: helper function . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can check translation view .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get all of the html display this page from a page and a page into a page .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  get   return
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  retrieves the most recent ip has a given ip ticket .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  create   a

test:  target function for the perceptron learning .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten a bcache mechanism parameters whiten : array_like perform we need to be whiten .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check if the value is an infinite request .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  get the saved service instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that adds exempt from user to exempt .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get a plain-text password for database .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  get   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of the custom output sql .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  map the servers multiple status strings to list of task status strings .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   vm_state
truth:  map   map

test:  return an lvm directory full file names and save it .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the executor modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the 'tmp' shared list for each directory .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   hosts
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for write_local: writes the object to the local cache using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  create a default node id from a node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert part of the string .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  adds a user to a deactivated .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  recursively extracts context* .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  null   data
truth:  given   storage

test:  returns whether an object is an iterable of iterable .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the microseconds field of a timedelta object .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  return   a
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  split   key
truth:  package   package

test:  test brief descriptor for peaks .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  if   comments
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if packets has been requested .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  log an xml file whose line is available in a node .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  dump all the id of this storage storage device .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  get   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  test release of git repository .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  test   get
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   null
truth:  limit   limit

test:  encodes a unicode value to utf-8 if not yet encoded .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  plugin   null
truth:  to   try

test:  call a function .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  call   null
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by seconds .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   a

test:  groups: an object with objects plus the provided aws order .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  get   view
truth:  null   a

test:  list versions of the function name cli example: .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the list of functions .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  convert the given key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns the subnetid of a provider .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone as a tzinfo object .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  verify @disabled test for @disabled .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  casts   transformation
truth:  url   url

test:  helper method to grab a data structure .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  list all defined networks cli example: .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  validate a base base base base base base base base base .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  base   base

test:  get of the mnist window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a list of current context .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  call debug with a subprocess .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  call   null
truth:  debug   debug

test:  helper function to sphinx .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  function   a
truth:  run   program

test:  create a valid filename .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  prints a given message in the differences .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  determines the path to the route module name for the given path .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  to   alternative

test:  change an indices to its indices .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a scalar .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the named container has no auth auth auth .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a new graph that contains the edges that exist in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove all passed repos .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return local mask of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add some enrollment mode to the course info in calling thread .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  add   example
truth:  append   course

test:  read input table with data values .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   lookup
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if given sentence has any of the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use yes/no network to update navbar .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  use   func
truth:  set   set

test:  given an dtype and np .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  return   try
truth:  function   function

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  returns true if the container has enough name .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  returns   dictionary
truth:  display   a

test:  return the units enabled by the current request registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  main entry point for the application script .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  backup   python
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the full path to the given app .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  base64 decodes and then inflates according to rfc1951 .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  decodes   bytes
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  evaluate linear unit k at least one k .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   linear
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize parameters for the given logger .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  initialize   implementation
truth:  init   init

test:  only run test if necessary .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  a decorator for adding an instance into a single instance .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write to a warning replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  run the node for node .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  run   a
truth:  get   get

test:  gets data for the given node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  determine the url to use for an http group .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  determine   check
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes a unicode string to utf-8 encode .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  string   string

test:  correlate correlation of ma representation explicitely .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  write a raw representation of a dataset and return its output as a string .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  write   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return information about the named media .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  stop   vlm_media
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for serie serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  for documentspamattempt .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  null   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  returns empty actions along same shape .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  retrieve user id .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a string as a list .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  print   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and invoke callback when the poem is complete .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  returns a list of rootdir in the interface .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  returns   users
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the integrals sequence in a term series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an inverse cluster .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  write   null
truth:  build   a

test:  converts a dictionary with keys that has pairs as keys .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  [it[i] -> dict return a list of indices represented by the type .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all lines reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  compute real components of a excluding matrix .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  transform   memory
truth:  return   return

test:  move token to the correct token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  token   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse out single dict and return parts of the arguments provided in the dict .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  split   a

test:  read from the database and return the master ip .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  read   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: send a test notification script to notification .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get the fully and group name of the gid .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  executes command .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  command   echo
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves the image as image and discards variables .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   information
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract specified egg for a hard egg .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  print out the data passed into a dict .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  print   a
truth:  result   result

test:  get installed schedule schedule window for the given package schedule .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  get   rules
truth:  import   import

test:  check if auto return report .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  if   report
truth:  send   auto

test:  generate all the fuzzy keys in the same tmux as twisted .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the divmod of the curve .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  calculate   method
truth:  get   get

test:  return mount data sampled from the minion cli example: .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  display   null
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  multiply two numbers by a new list of evv .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return c polynomial of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  query   multiply
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  this method shows the latest dashboard dashboard stats for a given user .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  save   statistics

test:  square a polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   return
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parses parameters supports all parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  subtract maximum polynomials in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   a
truth:  make   null

test:  download pip exit status code when blank requirements file fails .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  download   wheel
truth:  download   download

test:  return the geometric forward forward .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  return   loop
truth:  take   null

test:  converts time naive in time zone if necessary .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  time   time
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the adapter index of an adapter as none .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   returns
truth:  creating   null

test:  convert a docstring to either for supply note .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode base64 encoded thebase string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   return
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call available courseenrollment application .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  memoize   null
truth:  is   null

test:  render a learner .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  view   view
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the rho rho arrays of two arrays .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  computes   indices
truth:  null   vectors

test:  initialize the file .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initialize   no
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return the first migration command .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple helper function for logging .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  null   service
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  this function is called in the random string .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  null   samples
truth:  return   return

test:  reset a development environment .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  running   running

test:  get the currently selected alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  coerce a child of time zone .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  stops   null
truth:  compose   null

test:  convert all api keys .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  is   get
truth:  gets   information

test:  search a list of a dictionary by dictionary .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  search   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  if the message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  if   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  applies an inverse operator to a linear epochs .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  calculates the data on the data .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the mean of the given moment .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize a locale to make comparison .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   function
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   nd
truth:  use   nd

test:  get indexing chunks of values which are to operate values accordingly with the specified indexer .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   chunk

test:  this is a fast version of the get-spider-stats .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate and name is a namespace dictionary .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the minion to use .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert function to boolean array .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  function   proxy
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two pairs using b .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   a

test:  return a relative mime encoded response .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  retrieve the request credentials for a catalog .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  get   service

test:  convenience function to convert a date with the given date .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  writes   check
truth:  format   a

test:  internal handler for set and clear_property resource from the specified zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  gets data and name that will be found in the given key .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a path for each uri for an array .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a post room .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   interface
truth:  send   a

test:  normalizes chart chart for a list in future .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  place   null
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current buffer .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different between 0 and the single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get or create a new database in list arguments .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  get   list
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the d-link arinv(l)=ar^{-1}(l) component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   configures
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text by the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a packages activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a list of item reboots to numpy array with multiplier .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  reads   list
truth:  read   read

test:  return a module manifest .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  this function truncates the truncate number of characters .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  function   formats
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove a path .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  sets the 'setxkbmap{ state of the degrees as a dictionary .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   runs
truth:  set   current

test:  helper function to load a list of filediffs return a dict with the location of an explicit user .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  function   try
truth:  ask   null

test:  uses a command to added flipwritable .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  modify a pretty level to markdown .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  confine   replacement
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a command down the telnet channel return the response .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  command   null
truth:  send   a

test:  return a list of all volumes of the provided volume .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a s3 s3 location from the s3 location .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   one
truth:  outputs   one

test:  the variance of interactive input data .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  the default underscores graph g .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  check   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d parameters x : array_like the variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate variance or array_like .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   loglikelihood
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  images - filters - filters - filters and filters - filters .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  output   null
truth:  -   -

test:  create astroid for center of the document .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get a function that returns the optimal function and a snapshot .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  get   example
truth:  setup   setup

test:  upload a file to an existing bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  fake paulimatrices selectors context request .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  object   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  encoded   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   null
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  key key key is not setup for shell .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   key
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  connect to an ip address .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  adjust   null
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the tree .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  loads the observer plugin for the provided service .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  named   load

test:  user have no email set .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  have   user
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  sleep out ssh calls to match the tests in ssh format .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  switch   current
truth:  read   read

test:  get a query .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  get   a
truth:  have   null

test:  test rows of {a .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   urls
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the integer value of a string encoded integer when n > 0 .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  check whether a pack is valid in #5556: format .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write info from a file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  write   integer
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  checks if a continuous database exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a mailchimp object .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   version

test:  syntax ellipse .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  solve   up
truth:  draws   null

test:  reset a list of api limit for the given request .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  reset   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetches all thread that have a given user from .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  return the pyenv .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  xml a specified singleton error note: the 'sh verifying line name of the specified singleton .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   network

test:  ceil array .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  null   run
truth:  create   a

test:  write one or more directories in a directory .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find a single place in place .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  takes a source object and collects all sets of the given object .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load {'service information from an instance in py3 .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  tests if a header key is longer than or is longer than a header type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   tests

test:  a decorator to change the init testing .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   fixture

test:  list the assist at a running url .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  return   python

test:  send the value of a game in a inline .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other to other than other types .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a tuple from a tuple .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  get   like
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of features cli example: .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a list of paths that exist in os .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if the last item in the last segment in a list .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   redirect
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the first task in the list matches the matching x .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  return   check
truth:  resolve   null

test:  returns a template .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a dict describing the properties in a dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  return   get
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given an identity key .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if a and b have the same lowercase representation .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verifies that configuration is a valid logical module .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  decode a machinectl handshake to struct_declaration bytes .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  decode   read
truth:  read   in

test:  test regular 'dcos-acs-auth-cookie validation .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logout   logout

test:  retry nested code .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  are   retry
truth:  return   python

test:  return connection information .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  is   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a case .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  return the global trace of the current stack .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  merges two dictionaries into one dict .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merges   dictionary
truth:  merge   values

test:  format a url of all display paths from s3 .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  format   a
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a folder .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dictionary representation of a cookiejar from key/value .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete single timings from the given time .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize console .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   details
truth:  logging   logging

test:  create a python document to attach the current set of attributes to the console .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  adds a string to a string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  adds   string
truth:  value   value

test:  convert a collection to none' .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse user namespaces and returns a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if using a :class: which handles a new model class .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  if   string
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  deletes previous theme in queue .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a user list for doc directories in this directory .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test if stabilization is logically and tests .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  if   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of startup to enable if it is enabled .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   call
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  the returned name should be service .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip the prefix from the beginning and end value .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  strip   strip
truth:  extract   null

test:  return whether the user is valid and both the specified auth and both of the auth and the list of auth class .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  get all volumes by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set up the calendar platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  set   add
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yields yields digests of values to match fragments so that we have a single set of values stored in the stack .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  dumps   user
truth:  returns   a

test:  test root of an array .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  install   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  publish the full data about the publication out to other minions .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  save an image type on a given model .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  save   generate
truth:  loads   null

test:  read f .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  input   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert all characters in a text into ansible html tags .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  extract   null

test:  try to implement the configuration records .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  apply   add
truth:  get   get

test:  return a mask out of a url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   get
truth:  copy   copy

test:  get mentions string .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return number of jitter .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  file   calculate
truth:  null   timeout

test:  skip a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return data for 3d .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  compute   data
truth:  finds   null

test:  test firstserie' with a simple serie .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   x
truth:  test   line

test:  sends a node as a sample column on the filesystem .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  null   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image url .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a list to be an array with elements of a list .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get a max .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  get   get

test:  returns all files under tree from file and build a given tree .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   find

test:  return the version from the container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  is x a regular expression name a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  is   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieve ssl query .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check package directories .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  package   null
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  get the validation number in a number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  cast variable to config .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  upgrade   logs
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  compute   information

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  returns   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compares the state and set of letters in letters .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save added disk progress parameters 100 : model 100 .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   migration

test:  executes a path using the given sensitive using the given pipeline .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   null

test:  gets an section of a document for the current thread .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  is we build file and reads the function unlike .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  is   return
truth:  if   null

test:  updates our response .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  search   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes the patch patch for nodes in a ast .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send send summary of the comment summary .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  number of prediction scans than the whole estimator .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  function   test
truth:  measure   measure

test:  waits for the given url using the next number of targets .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  close   a
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  create a new firewall document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  validates a msg] foreign response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  raise   a

test:  logistic log likelihood list x read more than x .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypt out the key key key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  raise   return
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple wsgi application present .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  start   up
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging messages index page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  unread   null
truth:  received   messages

test:  given a user .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  parse   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the option is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  retrieve an enabled backend .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return an image object from the flocker package .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit func - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  accepts   add
truth:  add   add

test:  take a list of variables .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  take   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail with an image in an image .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  the gpu .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a unicode string to text .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the utype dtype parameters .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this is the function to return a list of gcs samples available before the app .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check if shuffler service is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  decorates a generatedcertificate to update all of its enabled issue .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  context   context

test:  test branch with sudo copy .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   null
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces after the given comment .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   manager
truth:  use   use

test:  require english test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   mock
truth:  require   foo

test:  set the temporary log file .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   set

test:  gets a result from the most recent result set .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  gets   list
truth:  get   get

test:  main root of leaked .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  view   pairs
truth:  null   page

test:  redirect referenced to the recipient of the account .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  leave   a
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  load a test case for the lettuce tests .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  load   return
truth:  if   null

test:  reads a hash from hash .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   check
truth:  reads   html

test:  convert obj to the correct row .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  obj   wrap
truth:  function   function

test:  escape a string .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the node nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

