test:  reorder a suite into a suite of terminals .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  reorders   compiles
truth:  reorders   suite

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  iterates through the probes passed in by the test and case-insensitive groups .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  updates   pulls
truth:  updates   null

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  attach total_watchers voters to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   collects
truth:  attach   count

test:  adds a list of theming to the theme locales .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   solve
truth:  add   settings

test:  delete a template .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  turn   arrive
truth:  turn   escape

test:  convert a path to a filesystem path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  opens a file .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  delete a rabbitmq policy via rabbitmqctl set_permissions cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   stacking
truth:  get   grid

test:  write a crafted shape file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  capture a screenshot of a given scenario .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  finds a vcs tool by its programs in the order .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  request to have an entrance exam .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   distributed
truth:  request   problems

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init config of test celery app .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   unlinks
truth:  redefine   fixture

test:  decorator to restrict invalidgitrepositoryerror results to self .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  function to get the date/time format for the string passed .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  copied   pulls
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  converts id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and/or a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the largest saturation of nodes in g .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  iterates   increase
truth:  iterates   nodes

test:  return the current process uid .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  init   expand
truth:  init   permissions

test:  extension and type public attribute to create a wsdl object .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   located
truth:  set   method

test:  helper function to escape a byte string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  check if a vector is a scalar .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  verify that the specified value contains the given value .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  find the mask with the same indices in the tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   restrict
truth:  finds   array

test:  deletes a session from the database .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   trivial
truth:  disconnect   connection

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  change the username to @return .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   preload
truth:  fix   content

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse a query string .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   results
truth:  split   keywords

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  pulls   relies
truth:  pulls   logic

test:  generate a filename suitable for purchase .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  convert request .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   populates
truth:  convert   params

test:  return cssname for given time value .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  return the number of estimator that can be split on a given estimator .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  executes a blend items between two individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  the reverse function .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  returns the maximum number of sleep for an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  product of two random arrays .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a list or patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   shared
truth:  build   string

test:  command line argument parsing and place it into the native script .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   tracing
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time slot time .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  start   task

test:  calculate the percentage of a set of numbers .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  yields   declared
truth:  yields   samples

test:  get global manager which returns n-grams over module .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  helper function to get config value from a requests meta dict .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   listen
truth:  retrieves   key

test:  define a default interval for net_device .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  defines   cause
truth:  defines   option

test:  return a boolean of whether the network is installed .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   ayoung
truth:  check   base

test:  list haproxy servers servers .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   fold
truth:  list   backend

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   overlay
truth:  replace   func

test:  visit all directories in a given path .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  go   crop
truth:  go   directory

test:  return a hash from a file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  swap matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   turn
truth:  swap   case

test:  computes a function of entropy .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  generate a user model instance .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  return square-free norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  returns the nth standardized moment of a random expression i .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  correlation   associate
truth:  correlation   expressions

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  press the keyboard button for muting volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   follows
truth:  press   button

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   reuse
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  returns the string directive on a lambda function .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  test to ensure that the appropriate tests will be updated .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  maximum norm of two numpy arrays .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  compute   save
truth:  compute   euclidean

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary different from d2 .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   leaves
truth:  given   dictionaries

test:  take the value passed .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  convert a sequence of dicts into a bytes .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  converts the http source code to a thread .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  shuts   deallocate
truth:  shuts   worker

test:  recomputes and the user name .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the class name from a namespace or raise an exception .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  simplified   extract
truth:  simplified   version

test:  helper function to shutdown a firewall delay archive delay delay : system delay : int the input stream .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   directed
truth:  shutdown   delay

test:  developer_message is a list of all the elements in the input list .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   eliminates
truth:  sort   elements

test:  yaml: openshift-creator performs the equivalent of an oc create command invocation; this build step takes in the provided json or yaml text .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  setup sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  enable   enhance
truth:  enable   items

test:  generate a random password then use for linking account .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  iterates over the absolute path .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   hits
truth:  enable   filter

test:  a helper which wraps exception_class exceptions thrown by save it if the wrapping function is a failure .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  clear the python file .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  sets the global indentation loop .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  find a full python path as a string .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns true if slug is a numerical slug .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   format
truth:  find   parameter

test:  create a security group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  the text before launching it .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  turn   sparks
truth:  turn   number

test:  fail unless the given object is an instance of a list of tuples .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  convert set *obj* to a native set state object .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   grab
truth:  convert   val

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  return a dominating set of nodes in g .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  finds   lstrip
truth:  finds   set

test:  remove the small objects .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   tsv
truth:  remove   components

test:  returns the redirect url for an element .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  disable a virtual machine on the system cli example: .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  rewrite a file using the appropriate library .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  transforms an array-like window for connection string to the device id .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  turns a partition into a partition of the sequence .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   reveal
truth:  create   sequence

test:  get a pprint function by name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  get the maximum distance matrix of the given list of fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  appends a dictionary to the hadoop output .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  expected assignment_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  creates and returns a dynamic wtforms .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  convert a belongs folder path to a folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  determine   wanted
truth:  determine   filename

test:  remove all quad .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   registering
truth:  delete   views

test:  check if specified port is a port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  return dictionary of predecessors for each vertex .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   scans
truth:  find   pairs

test:  runs one of the data to a file .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  make an elemwise elemwise .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  replace   emits
truth:  replace   definition

test:  returns a list of complete paths .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return service credentials['keystone service .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  send a background background jobs .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  look   allocate
truth:  look   user

test:  gets the kernel name .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  run on balance cluster .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   meet
truth:  function   legend

test:  replace the default time to use for the gevent system .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   support
truth:  replace   time

test:  print a list of all documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   decreases
truth:  print   documents

test:  print a list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  header   converted
truth:  header   block

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  load a pickle object from file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  update an namespace or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  remove a variable from the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   move
truth:  remove   latex

test:  display a single index for index .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   emitting
truth:  display   character

test:  sets the target="_blank" .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  calculate the diversity gradient of the diversity of the last polynomials in diversity .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  generic daily errors .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  checks   capturing
truth:  checks   error

test:  this is a silly small function .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generates the group title .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  get a dictionary for full paths that should be included to the file type .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  traverse   crop
truth:  traverse   directory

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  generate all dependencies of the contexts plugin .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  compute   coupling
truth:  compute   target

test:  check if an exploration manager has been accepted/rejected .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within verbosity quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  return task info .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   mount
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   registering
truth:  return   views

test:  parses the given timestamp .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns a node ports in the given graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   looping
truth:  destroy   node

test:  pack object into a preferred preferred .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  a global encoded config .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   deflate
truth:  override   config

test:  convenience method to create a server .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  test uninstalling an editable package from a svn svn package .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  simple sequences of various patterns .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  pulls   config
truth:  pulls   patterns

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  attempt to which packages are currently installed as dependencies jail and returns the path of the package path to jail .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  displays   downloading
truth:  displays   package

test:  return vertices for un-archive defined in order to store .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  sync queue modules from salt://_queues to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pulls
truth:  sync   null

test:  wrap a python traceback with pygments .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  pulls   skipped
truth:  pulls   use

test:  deserialize any data from an email address .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  view   port
truth:  view   helper

test:  get the id associated with an object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   controlled
truth:  returns   identifier

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  check if argument is a type of a type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  creates a new database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validate a friendly specifier .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  convert ixify .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns current language .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  override   base64encodes
truth:  override   djangos

test:  removes excluded comments from files .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  iterate   sleep
truth:  iterate   files

test:  the method of a function .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get list of hosts directly on the system .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live copy artifact from another build .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  pulls   reorders
truth:  pulls   screenshot

test:  escape & .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  insert   flashes
truth:  insert   characters

test:  thunk to pickle an indexed feed .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  exists and returns value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  generate a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return a string for all of the python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  get information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  removes q() and raw functions .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  applies buttons; items from the ca uri .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  check whether the given url is a valid arithmetic operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  encodes a value to json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   aliased
truth:  serializes   json

test:  build a show reference to a show show .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  build   eliminating
truth:  build   cache

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  wait for a sysctl sysctl sysctl until resource is reached .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   reported
truth:  wait   function

test:  get the xmodule urls for the given pipeline .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  i send email containing two fields .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  break   equalize
truth:  break   email

test:  returns list of computenodestats for template .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager tests .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   reflect
truth:  build   testcase

test:  read graph in p2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translated
truth:  read   g

test:  get the topology configuration value .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  casts   transliterate
truth:  casts   variable

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a network acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   inform
truth:  replaces   entry

test:  testing that a table contains verbosity steps .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  extract the javascript type from a docker kind .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   subclass

test:  create a translated revision .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   capitalizes
truth:  return   revision

test:  migrate admission facts from facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   identifies
truth:  apply   plugin

test:  test that we can load a vm from the latex .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   exchanges
truth:  register   capabilities

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  mutation that pops or update the value from the test suite .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  adds   urlencode
truth:  adds   item

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  return the rx/tx groebner basis for two polynomials in a very -p .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces the distance between nodes as many for line vector analysis .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  parses a votable_ xml file and return a dictionary .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  take   tend
truth:  take   chunk

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  checks if a given user is currently authored with a given content .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates a djangos url at the current user .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   status

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  this method takes a list of tables that are associated to the op-local for this calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  persists   inserting
truth:  persists   calendar

test:  return a list of resource pairs for an application .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  determine   storing
truth:  determine   template

test:  safely remove the named file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  lists the current list of search_maps and their status .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns the entire score of the document .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   accepting
truth:  returns   e

test:  executes query and metadata .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  returns each row of arrays that are not in the list of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  create html tag from a list of text .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  clean the data .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   inputhook
truth:  get   sys

test:  function for binary search on op .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create and return a contents of a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  create a template group available plugins from plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  writes a callback to a file .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse time string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  writes and parse the given value to standard .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the full party view .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  respond   assign
truth:  respond   requests

test:  return the device name associated with the given address .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the number of entries at a time sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   confirmed
truth:  check   length

test:  return an alert which allows us to append to the filter .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  retrieve   rotation

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   determine
truth:  list   projects

test:  handler for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  identity function .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   utf-8
truth:  returns   argument

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  resolve a python module into a string .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a piece of the file into a list .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   define
truth:  encode   path

test:  zoom in and out of a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   pulls
truth:  zoom   null

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a video .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   restoring
truth:  set   data

test:  check if request headers are a little helper for each response .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns a formatted unit html page .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  provides the pointer value given a sympy expression .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  this function ensures that all child elements of the given parser .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the image is keypoints at the end of color .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  authentication for a dataset to use an account .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  add   inhibit
truth:  add   label

test:  compact object imported function to create an low layer .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  loads and returns the given directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload the project .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  pulls   process_memory_map
truth:  pulls   buffers

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  tests that the random state function generator match the same seed as the default value for the supplied class .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   currents
truth:  test   state

test:  find a files in the package and return a list of all modules .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  return the subnetid from the minion .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   execute
truth:  return   region

test:  load little-endian byte .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   standardizes
truth:  load   byte

test:  compute a dictionary of function statistics for a complete set of polynomials .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   stopped
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   labeled
truth:  moves   file

test:  print a movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  run   knapsack
truth:  run   request

test:  return target starting with callback items .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  executes   reported
truth:  executes   function

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unsubscribe watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  stop   target_expressing
truth:  stop   question

test:  set debconf connection for converting sql .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  verify if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  find   allocate
truth:  find   user

test:  restart all traffic server nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   prettify
truth:  restart   process

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   wants
truth:  read   parts

test:  helper function to add a firewall file to a dictionary .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  is   files
truth:  is   check

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  perform a function or system via hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  iterate over a sequence of inputs .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  ensure that the tpot ids of setuptools and visible_contributor_ids are not match .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   controls
truth:  ensure   ids

test:  checks admin users cannot access the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  tests   users

test:  get plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  parses iso 8601 dates to a string representation .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  parabolic the first shortest path .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  lettuce can .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  convert central options dict to collection collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   offset
truth:  get   parameters

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  convert a version string to a tuple of integers .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  convert roman numeral to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the autocorrelation of two tensors .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  shadow of all requests .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  receives   pulls
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert host to a hex representation of the binary buffer .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   preloading
truth:  convert   host

test:  utility function to redirect error output to a command .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  return   modifies
truth:  return   cmd

test:  will mark a test as registered auth .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetch   switch
truth:  fetch   list

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   enroll
truth:  makes   iterator

test:  show the current binary for this system .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets a new project for a directory .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   forgot
truth:  add   project

test:  configures the getoption configuration file .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  drop the l{klein} .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  convert a list of package name to a resource on the system .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   accepting
truth:  convert   e

test:  decorates a map file and return a list of head .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   sleep
truth:  update   files

test:  return sass directories for load .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  return   dirs

test:  merge a result of a user .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  loads a route path and returns the associated path .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the given key to use for vararg server .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  computes   listen
truth:  computes   key

test:  formats an otu map file into a sparse and the correct format .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  this we get automatic installation of automatic os installation and link to an editable automatic automatic pages .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   bring
truth:  is   page

test:  get a list of thumbnails for a non-geographical image .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  import a dotted module path and return the attribute/class designated path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  takes   define
truth:  takes   path

test:  return true if the file is a byte string .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  uninstall a dism capability args: source : the capability to install source : the capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   protects
truth:  install   args

test:  flip an image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   forwards
truth:  flip   image

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  gets a base name for a provider .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages options: refresh force a package containing a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  search for all the files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   flip
truth:  search   python

test:  install this package as the twisted reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  schedule   signs
truth:  schedule   display

test:  gets the post request for the given user and updates the data .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  obtains   prompt
truth:  obtains   locator

test:  return true if the given class is a casava or false .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return disk usage of given path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of all the containers that belong to the client .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   integrating
truth:  convert   scipy

test:  build the clonespec spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   simulate
truth:  returns   spec

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  checks for missing configurations and sources .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   supports
truth:  detects   text

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in staff .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  attempts to parse the expected ssl algorithm as a sequence of tuples .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  solves   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  solves   problem

test:  returns the number of module in the specific number of keys .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  fetch   sparks
truth:  fetch   number

test:  fixture providing a sessionmanager registry for the test registry .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   routing
truth:  fixture   registry

test:  find a objs selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  query   managed
truth:  query   bokeh

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   aligns
truth:  removes   volume

test:  test that the elemwise input does nothing on uninitialized split split before and properly .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  download a post request to a -1- response .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  is   spawns
truth:  is   endpoint

test:  checks to see if the file exists .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  function   labeled
truth:  function   file

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   sluggified
truth:  return   center

test:  assign a operator .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  merge variable with variable .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve the metadata for a specific feature .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  flow   regressiont
truth:  flow   index

test:  process all the info in a theanos file .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   pulls
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  convenience fixture to return a valid context for a cookiecutter .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  pulls   resize
truth:  pulls   tls

test:  get the annotation argument passed in by the argument .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper function to get a dataset collection in a 1-d .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   reallocation
truth:  split   collection

test:  retrieve all networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   preprocess
truth:  return   networks

test:  return true if path is an link .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  flattens a list of tuples to a single vector .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  takes   constant_expression_opt
truth:  takes   iterables

test:  setup the camera .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  initialize   msg
truth:  initialize   component

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl module is installed .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  rename   aliased
truth:  rename   json

test:  scan one logical line of python and lookup .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   small_stmts
truth:  scan   line

test:  test of bootstrapping .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   specifies
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday <user> -- search requests for doing the specified parameters .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  boolean 1-d zero order o .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  tie   invoked
truth:  tie   factor

test:  scan the status for a scan .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  returns   demos
truth:  returns   scan

test:  main text .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   simulating
truth:  text   input

test:  transliterate the absolute path of a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  create an identity identity object for the tenant .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  compute the resource allocation index of all nodes in ebunch using ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   regressiont
truth:  compute   index

test:  recursively repeat a timer method to repeat a time .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   avoid
truth:  function   timer

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  testing computation of the matrix tree .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  compare two objects .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compares   exposes
truth:  compares   values

test:  returns a dict with the name of the currently active plugin .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  obtain   encapsulate
truth:  obtain   instance

test:  retrieve the quotas and standard state .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  determine   loads
truth:  determine   changes

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  apply   enhance
truth:  apply   items

test:  parse an words that can be used to get words .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  create and parse a csv file and returns a standard list .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   flow
truth:  given   fields

test:  displays a display for the display of title .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  displays   publish
truth:  displays   graph

test:  check if a group exists .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  has   allocate
truth:  has   user

test:  manage snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   format_alignment
truth:  manage   authentication

test:  make sample node that do expired of an bt table .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   bounds
truth:  make   table

test:  parses compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   pulls
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses the class thingies .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  return information about the image .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  simple function to get the settings of the decorated port .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  compute the find_pure_symbol of the cut-set of a cubehelix function .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  prepare the fancyarrow dpi from cor .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns node configured configured for user .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  filter   seek
truth:  filter   subscriptions

test:  method used to create a public stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  spawn   takes
truth:  spawn   stream

test:  gets index .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  pulls   chop
truth:  pulls   owner

test:  add a name of the effective password to the end of the earth cli example: .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  verifies that the property of all indices contained in the correct collection .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   interfacing
truth:  check   axes

test:  kill all of the minion jobs .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  this page is used to load an account from a global admin user .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a resource to become a test case .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  fire   rescales
truth:  fire   event

test:  creates a new .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  pulls   stop
truth:  pulls   dots

test:  return true if the cpu page_perms is available .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   switch
truth:  check   list

test:  returns the average sampled of the inputs .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  weighted   negotiate
truth:  weighted   loss

test:  only work on systems that doesnt exist .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  determine if the module is part of an instance which looks like a global module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  coerce a query string and return a tuple of .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  evaluates   shared
truth:  evaluates   string

test:  get and add indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes items from memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   enhance
truth:  deletes   items

test:  create an element with the given elements .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  handles a rule we need to know about the rule .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  try to convert a dict into a byte string .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  returns true if the given stream is a byte string .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  transforms a file to the cinder .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  patch an object .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   dumping
truth:  deprecated   patch

test:  displays a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  pulls   int
truth:  pulls   match

test:  issues http proxy settings .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  invalidate a hash .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   orthoganlize
truth:  invalidates   hash

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  extract the input range from a double-precision of #5617 .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  generates a collection .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  compute the zero loss from prediction / where tp / referenced to the number of zero a^(1 .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  build the value from the command line .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  helper decorator to get function arguments for a function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  extract   format
truth:  extract   parameter

test:  gets the first from a country instance .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  save token to an existing token .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  stores   iterate
truth:  stores   auth

test:  return the list of file names in the current mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  returns   created
truth:  returns   mode

test:  parse a response response for a epsv request .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  given   install
truth:  given   response

test:  create a generic block block function used to escape a <script> body .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual match .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper function to get the description of a file for a given path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a copy of the form of a dictionary of attributes .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  translate a hybi-07 pattern into a buffer .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   canonicalized
truth:  converts   posix

test:  make sure symbols can produce expression .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   associate
truth:  make   expressions

test:  setup a figure axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  pulls   pull
truth:  pulls   one

test:  load information from v2 file .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  get a resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  return filename if it is a expanded .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  append the first cache to its previous functions .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  prepend   emits
truth:  prepend   definition

test:  returns the static observer in byte order to write the given observer .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  get   coordinates

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of targets in the targets that depend .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   insert
truth:  returns   targets

test:  execute a single action on the cloud provider cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   decrease
truth:  execute   action

test:  gets the number of projects based on the flag .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a cpu_time() cpu calculates a cpu group .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a 64-bit integer in a structured format with provided parameters .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission on the provied user .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  returns a dict with old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  quote an argument for use in urls .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete a check from pillar or raise an exception if it exists .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   check

test:  checks gle .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parameters data : array .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   insure
truth:  function   dataframe

test:  regression test for running bits in python 2 .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create user id for a particular external domain .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the process name .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  turns a cidr recorded sequence of tuples into a float .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   port
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   control

test:  authentication to custom branding authentication .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transforms sympy matrix to find the row in a matrix .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  run docker-compose on client_ip .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   raising
truth:  create   docker

test:  run all tests .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  reset   -
truth:  reset   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  returns true if the subnet is a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run the test only on the galaxy server .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  uses   induce
truth:  uses   testing

test:  creates a new folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  multivariate estimate functions for the estimate of each sample r^2 .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  vectorized   pulls
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  get a resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   stops
truth:  return   topic

test:  check that the source utility function is inside a histogram .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  generate a list of slices in order of same slices .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  pulls   store
truth:  pulls   memory

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  writeestr resource file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  check for differences between two dictionaries .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   svn
truth:  asserts   dicts

test:  returns maximum norm of f .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  iterate over a file .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   compares
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   center
truth:  get   ec2

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  register   initialized
truth:  register   notification

test:  list all users within the organization .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  generates an absolute absolute absolute url for the given href .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   saves
truth:  make   links

test:  return the first line of d .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  call a function or instantiating a class with the given arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  checks if a string is a valid bool .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  queues a string for inclusion in a numeric form .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   part

test:  replace an exception object with a file name .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   shed
truth:  dumps   exception

test:  return true if linux command exists on the system .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   supports
truth:  decrypts   text

test:  sample from contiguous .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  configure the reactor and start threaded thread threaded .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   popen
truth:  start   reactor

test:  like :func:operator but supports an old registration .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  helper for the class case of enum .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert file in byte string to pythons read .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  setup logging for scrapy .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  trims the given html with any text to the given text .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  computes elementwise simpson quadrature functions .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  lists available packages by hadoop hadoop cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sends a notification via notification .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   rescales
truth:  sends   event

test:  create a new triggerdb model type in the db given trigger_type definition as dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert a file name to a system name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  hypergeometric -> integer return the number of partitions n .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a dictionary for a given type that has a metadata dependency .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  determine   dotted
truth:  determine   relationship

test:  returns a advanced generated from the user where options are the same .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  display   sleep
truth:  display   files

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  create a mock .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  set the test index index for a test set and index-yyyymmddhhmmss .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  gets the current global settings .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  show   embedded
truth:  show   example

test:  check to see if the device already exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  submit an http release to the given release .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submits   lstrip
truth:  submits   set

test:  apply a blobs to an artifact .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   responds
truth:  retrieves   database

test:  returns the value corresponding to a instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns a service configuration tag .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  restful crud controller for monitoring configurations .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  creates   shortens
truth:  creates   classes

test:  return a human-readable list of tuples .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  pulls   parameter_type_list_opt
truth:  pulls   decorators

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  handle   compounded
truth:  handle   gcd

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  take   labeled
truth:  take   file

test:  get all group group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  vectorized transpose on a tensor .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  transposes   looking
truth:  transposes   operator

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  convenience method to save the container telemetry telemetry .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  return true if the minion matches the given grain_pcre target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  find all tags for a given image .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  square polynomials into a random variable of equations .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  see   overlay
truth:  see   func

test:  marks a value as a string that is valid .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  return   constrain
truth:  return   attribute

test:  load dictionary with the given name .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  convert   represent
truth:  convert   failure

test:  get information from app engine to load a remote user .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return an array on copytobuffer .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  provides the ~ input stream .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  instantiate a specified connect namespace .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  provides   located
truth:  provides   method

test:  get new platforms device .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   windows

test:  runs all available plugins and return all available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   interpolated
truth:  run   plugins

test:  returns path as an absolute path with ~user and env var expansion applied .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   hanging
truth:  expand   variables

test:  returns a mapping of categories of thread/comment discussion to respective discussion xblock id for the course that are respective to the course .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  generate some default commands for temporary model .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  returns a dict with keys verbose_name and values swapped .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  make   executed
truth:  make   dictionary

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   r^2
truth:  returns   form

test:  indentation text display of text to hierarchy .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  outputs   pulls
truth:  outputs   null

test:  read an snapper tree .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a callback to a target object .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   loads
truth:  register   changes

test:  tests like get_distros() .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the default currency environment to use for the current request .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  use   pending
truth:  use   default

test:  return the status of a service on the host cli example: .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  replace all occurrences of whitespace .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  callback   discover
truth:  callback   closing

test:  return the status of a service on the host .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  obtain the list of articles .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  connect   signs
truth:  connect   display

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the object copy: the dacl true will enable the inherited aces to the dacl before disabling inheritance
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns c .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  decorator that make sure a function is actually present in try/except .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  the docinfo sparseseries defines the standard error .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inspect   post_save
truth:  inspect   metadata

test:  get a list of pool pool with the given sources .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  verifies that an operator is initialized .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  for a password change to a password change notification for a password .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   equalize
truth:  queues   email

test:  parse a histogram or stream .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   bump
truth:  parse   definitions

test:  assert that the gp_generation parameters for a fixed object .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  obtain a fake application id from the server .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the filename of the cache for bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  name: dumppacket args: source: .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   tell
truth:  multiply   signature

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  create   escaped
truth:  create   post

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensures   define
truth:  ensures   path

test:  will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   childnodes
truth:  update   timestamp

test:  copy either an returns a descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   killed
truth:  adds   network

test:  merges a task status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   inverts
truth:  update   statuses

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return the ith order of the logistic function .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  return true if x**n is a lucas with selfridge parameters n : symmetric sequence of the residual lucas .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return true if the current desktop is running in this app .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  detect   pulls
truth:  detect   null

test:  create url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  efficiently lin .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   flattening
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  look through a specific file path and return the first match the salt cloud down it .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   unquoting
truth:  search   environment

test:  return a url to the anything scheme .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  generate   wants
truth:  generate   parts

test:  copy a finder package with the appropriate parameters for the contained tests .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  give a page where the page has the rights rights .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   outputs
truth:  give   pages

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  sets the windows requests for the current thread .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  adds a wrapping handler to the web template .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  adds a list of features to a dictionary of feature .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   features

test:  tests that the file cant be shutdown for each file .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  bytes   extract
truth:  bytes   version

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   launching
truth:  paste   pipeline

test:  test %%prun with ipython special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  pulls   making
truth:  pulls   float

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   bench
truth:  write   value

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror and ioerror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  pulls   hold
truth:  pulls   oserror

test:  change python code to be converted to bokeh .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  test checking with an invalid timer .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   skips
truth:  test   connections

test:  load a file .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  returns true if the given gzip is gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  scheduled program .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  create ssh key for ssh server .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  return webapp webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  return a dict containing all of the names in this given pattern .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  widget follows the local users from user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get response data from lighting into automatic .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   scheduled
truth:  parse   hub

test:  loads an object and returns it .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  decorator to create properties not a test case .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  calculate visualize for dimensions .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return true if val is a number .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use this to fix case of strings that can be used in the path to avoid use a keepass variable .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a list of file names to a string .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   autoreleased
truth:  list   types

test:  checks if the condition is a valid string .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  check   condition

test:  get the length of the loop .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  powers down the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this returns argument parsing the first argument of the command .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  given   rectify
truth:  given   parser

test:  simple detection detection based on release/version code .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  detects   batch
truth:  detects   code

test:  parses a str entry tag .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   inform
truth:  parses   entry

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  always returns false cli example: .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  return the leading monomial of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return the value for an argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  extracts response tool from response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   defines
truth:  attach   attributes

test:  gzip storing file with gzip level .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  return from owner_ids .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  time scaling of the test of a sound stocenv: stocenv: hfreq .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  reads and returns a list of buckets buckets .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  a category structure .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  merge 2 dicts .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  remove the task for a project .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   polishing
truth:  removes   celery

test:  all available regions .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  tear   identifies
truth:  tear   plugin

test:  get an iterator of text strings .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this function handles a png file in a with a default one .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  returns the connected graph of the graph g .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  calculate the expression of cross-entropy of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  computes   feed
truth:  computes   entropy

test:  returns the projection of the 2-d .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   looking
truth:  multiply   operator

test:  read a filename from plotly file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieve   batch
truth:  retrieve   code

test:  context manager for current working directory .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   ssl
truth:  context   errors

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference to a dictionary .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  reset git control points to the given path .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  resets   authenticates
truth:  resets   working

test:  dipole potential potential .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  pulls   partitioning
truth:  pulls   v

test:  make sure the test passes when we get a intl .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find and return the field with the given name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   flattening
truth:  finds   field

test:  extract data from the png data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  returns   mutate
truth:  returns   column

test:  format the given number for show format to find the original number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  converts string to array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  returns the configuration of the users on the device cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  pulls   loads
truth:  pulls   changes

test:  render the site to the default organisation .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  configure   cut
truth:  configure   tab

test:  get the current idle delay .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   delay

test:  swaps the classical two individuals with translated items of *x* .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  apply   colored
truth:  apply   operation

test:  prints the list of items in the router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   supports
truth:  calculate   text

test:  return the series expansion of each symbol .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  a function which python shell returns true if the python shell is a string .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   encapsulate
truth:  is   instance

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  extract   preload
truth:  extract   content

test:  task time slot details page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   mount
truth:  stop   task

test:  figure out the certificate to do subset of a certificate .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  add a color space to an rgb image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  use the rest api to encrypt the given request key .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   standardizes
truth:  generates   byte

test:  get service account for use in configuring .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  true if a user has edit a particular setting for a given user .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return the hex distance between -1 .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  build   sanitizes
truth:  build   regex

test:  test the column-oriented .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  ensure   gzipped
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  evaluates the target call to the target api and passes it to the target call .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a string into a list of tokens .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   obfuscate
truth:  parse   tokens

test:  softmax of a t .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  return union of two lists .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  does   relies
truth:  does   logic

test:  get sympy starting with first occurence of the other .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  utility function to check if two elements in a set of same units .
truth: two branches . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a configuration file .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the current item from the given object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return ndarray minus the first element of the l**p x .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  subtract an image by local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   categorize
truth:  return   read

test:  convert a count of numbers to a human-readable source file .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   collects
truth:  parses   count

test:  leap year per integer representing year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   cie
truth:  return   predicate

test:  load manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  update   inputhook
truth:  update   sys

test:  render a inlines .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   escaped
truth:  renders   post

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  change the owning group of a process and a this group .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns true if num is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  test   reviewing
truth:  test   num

test:  show connection info on the database .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  date in the estimated datetime .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gets a mnist .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   dataset

test:  return a graph with the assignment of g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  raise assertionerror if f raises an exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  determine   drops
truth:  determine   call

test:  return the number of positive integer n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  return a byte string corresponding to the given string .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  ensure   utf-8
truth:  ensure   argument

test:  test drawing circles without transform using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   vcs
truth:  test   reactive

test:  list masquerade added for a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  returns content from filename .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  recursively match the dotted fields .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   flow
truth:  normalizes   fields

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  return a generator that only populate iterables with nested quotation .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   solve
truth:  flatten   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  turn interactive mode to matplotlib .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   created
truth:  turn   mode

test:  format an int in network form .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  a crude way to ensure that the bool functions is empty .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   deployed
truth:  test   symbols

test:  helper that returns a dns subject to a interpolation subject .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  assemble   repeat
truth:  assemble   scaling

test:  find a mine of date/time .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  get the mp bearing color .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  cleanup up content after being remotely .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   filtered
truth:  delete   marker

test:  return the distance knn of functions .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   cover
truth:  calculate   weight

test:  list the packages that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get a list of virtual machine names from the system .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  parse a stochastic application code .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   looking
truth:  parse   operator

test:  given a torrent directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  copy   crop
truth:  copy   directory

test:  return a string which is the hexadecimal representation of a hexadecimal file .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask user in provided question .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  square-free polynomial f by a square-free polynomial f .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  multiplied significance fields for a single dimension .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   sympy
truth:  generate   slice

test:  get a local file name for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return lvm device names cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  generic script .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  encode   small_stmts
truth:  encode   line

test:  gets string for the current metric from the file .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  execute a single system command .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   disconnecting
truth:  run   sudo

test:  times an ar(p) message .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  adds a sqlmap to a resource .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  removes a url string from a url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  writes the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   reveal
truth:  pulls   sequence

test:  prints an item to stderr .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  displays   urlencode
truth:  displays   item

test:  get current human readable time string .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  given   support
truth:  given   time

test:  check if the module is loaded .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  dragonfly doji .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  modified   printed
truth:  modified   pattern

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   lets
truth:  select   handler

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  multiply a polynomial f in z[x] .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  parse the binary string .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  generate   sums
truth:  generate   expression

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  restful crud controller for community contacts .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  waits for an element to become an account by an albuminfo .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   equalize
truth:  load   email

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   randomise
truth:  sending   message

test:  return virtual memory memory statistics as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  create a list of representation formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  build   parameter_list
truth:  build   formatter

test:  insert a new enterprise into the data .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  extract the tag from bti file .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  shorten the line with one space .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  separate   looking
truth:  separate   operator

test:  helper method that returns a redirect response .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirects   access
truth:  redirects   url

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  imports an object by name .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return the pub .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  a short helper method that doesnt returns the last filters .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  dont do anything .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   caused
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a new ticket for this minion cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge to the given response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  helper function for setting values of an rfc helper function .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  allows   offset
truth:  allows   parameters

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   simplifying
truth:  summarize   range

test:  returns the notes of a notes .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  find   show
truth:  find   notes

test:  return all global-level values defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  this context manager which launches the astroid mode for the current thread .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  set up the simplisafe platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  computes elementwise product of iterators and returns frequency .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   ban
truth:  computes   probability

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read the input data and port from the user .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  runner can print a feature .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  running   assume
truth:  running   header

test:  returns server groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   decide
truth:  gets   groups

test:  returns true if g is an threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   translated
truth:  returns   g

test:  fetch the icon for a particular icon .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  take   attempt
truth:  take   extension

test:  group aws aws data by group_policies .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  stream   enhanced
truth:  stream   object

test:  helper method to remove all courses to a course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  removes   prettify
truth:  removes   process

test:  returns the url for a outgoing external outgoing url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  bounce   access
truth:  bounce   url

test:  gets the media prefix with the given obj and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  remove download of the npm virtual machine .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  create   fail
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns the docker client for a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  open   unload
truth:  open   client

test:  extract ipv4 address from a database .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   press
truth:  given   hostname

test:  defines the address for invalid email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  determine   equalize
truth:  determine   email

test:  loads a certificate to the certificate key .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   detect
truth:  create   positions

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  retrieves the popup on a popup widget .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  return the path to an absolute .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  get the value of a vm .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  returns the score values .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  it can run only on a non-existing server .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   lambda
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   enhance
truth:  iterates   items

test:  decorator which asserts that the condition is true if it will fail an instance of the decorated test .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  reverse   pickles
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove the given list of strings and remove generated from the system in overhang .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  ensure that diskcache .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  ensure that the process contents is set correctly .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  registers an image function to save the frames of a multiframe format .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a and b for each variable in a and b .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  pulls   targeting
truth:  pulls   backends

test:  find all the common paths in the given list .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  clones an existing virtual machine template .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiates   stderr
truth:  instantiates   machine

test:  determine if the segment of the loops is in the segments of the loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  generates the given id and add to the end of it .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  get spot instance price correctly .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build regular expression with the given name .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   allocate
truth:  list   user

test:  get the current hardware address .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   mimics
truth:  get   activation

test:  return the available flinalg funcs ordering of arrays .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   crack
truth:  return   _

test:  construct the streamreader argument from a callable .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  were   suspend
truth:  were   closure

test:  return the output of the static image .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  rule : rule | field_id | rule | rule | rule | rule | rule divide rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate nodes in a graph using the given ordering .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   concatenates
truth:  generate   ordering

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of the vms that are installed in the current connection list .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  commits outstanding changes .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   commit
truth:  clones   repository

test:  this is a helper function for making a csr or %s hypervisor cli example: .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  manage   knapsack
truth:  manage   request

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  finds the proxies .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  forces data to be returned as if it doesnt exist .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  try   supports
truth:  try   text

test:  add git to identify keywords .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  check   prioritized
truth:  check   messages

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  put to enter an address .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  check for spelling a * .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the negative mean of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   express
truth:  computes   -

test:  sets the cohortmemebrship and password for the course .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  check   delayed
truth:  check   ipv6

test:  utility function to convert a sequence with a measurement .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba loss .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the content for a particular user .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the node has a package in the given module .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  checks   looping
truth:  checks   node

test:  git backend should be able to install from sha names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   fold
truth:  git   backend

test:  redirects the user to the tenant .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the minimum edge set of g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   pack
truth:  return   edge

test:  return whether the specified string matches any of the given fields .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  returns the inverse of the image at each frame .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  make   indicating
truth:  make   images

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  turn any percent-escape sequences into a string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a sql version string for display .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  creates a deprecate on a given tokens .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pulls   alteration
truth:  pulls   lambda

test:  test classification report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  returns the leading coefficient of f .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  determine if a page is a candidate .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete a pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  signal to create the profile .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  adds   generate
truth:  adds   users

test:  tests that quality scores is valid .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  tests   centers
truth:  tests   labels

test:  return the determine between acceptable .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  saves a list to the names of ensuring that can be pickled .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  fetches the column items .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  convert a row into a feature .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  mutate the next tree from the left .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  pulls   retrieved
truth:  pulls   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  adds a route table to the specified table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   bounds
truth:  replaces   table

test:  see if there is an environment variable .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns queue details of the / virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   enables
truth:  return   vhost

test:  helper method to compare salt out of a process .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  returning the path .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  checks   loads
truth:  checks   changes

test:  update the latest visitors date and save them to contributor .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   target_expressing
truth:  test   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  configures the global configuration file .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  executes   solve
truth:  executes   settings

test:  generic function to check if the available package data files exist .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs range type works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   teardown
truth:  tests   type

test:  load the value of the hexadecimal encoding .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  pulls   injects
truth:  pulls   utility

test:  parse a string to an unsigned key .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   importing
truth:  parse   pem

test:  output database definition .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  make   present
truth:  make   role

test:  download a list of latest servers .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   forced
truth:  download   artifacts

test:  decorator that reloads a method to a task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  behaves   checkout
truth:  behaves   way

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  join   increase
truth:  join   nodes

test:  provides the number of seconds for a process .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  create a new instance for use with the given fields .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  this function wraps a wsgi application .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  verify that named vm is available on this hyper .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  vms   squared
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   expanding
truth:  returns   connectivity

test:  initializes a new api identified by the provided api cli example: .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of a single tree in the given target tree .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  block two matrices .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  fill the user for a history history .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   remove
truth:  updates   history

test:  for debian authentication .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  remove duplicate errors from error .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   ssl
truth:  filter   errors

test:  the inverse lookup voor should not change the same columns .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return all installed services cli example: .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  return true if all features exist on the system .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a vector shared variable .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  creates   transliterate
truth:  creates   variable

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add x output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  reboot a running system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   grouping
truth:  reboot   system

test:  check that the only contains the specified url values for import .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  retrieves full info from the mysql server cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  shows   shutdown
truth:  shows   tables

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   del
truth:  raft   gcode

test:  return the path to the python version .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  returns a datetime object .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  function   widen
truth:  function   frontend

test:  returns true if the node is an instance of the given node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   min_dist
truth:  add   collar

test:  return vertices of cyclic smaller than n .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  generalized kernel model:: theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  generalized   pushing
truth:  generalized   model

test:  output the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm if true key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example:
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  lookup   populating
truth:  lookup   info

test:  check if the windows query parameter is reverse .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   define
truth:  splits   path

test:  parses a set union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   skip
truth:  parses   difference

test:  returns a dictionary .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  return dict of components as unique files .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  compute the closest matches in a 2d set of immutable .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  get   detect
truth:  get   positions

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  unescape   flashes
truth:  unescape   characters

test:  returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  check whether the folder exists inside the folder received .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  check   suggest
truth:  check   folder

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   reported
truth:  converts   function

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run a specific modules .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  checks that all tokens can be raised when all .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  pull account from normal pull .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  be   rebuilds
truth:  be   scheduler

test:  get an available: certificate for a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns a string representation of the xblocks date .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  ns : string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensures   terminate
truth:  ensures   password

test:  returns a list of order entries .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   algorithm
truth:  sample   points

test:  delete the value from the datastore .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  check for a semidefinite of fit calculate the hr class of a random statistic .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  model   pulls
truth:  model   null

test:  test for get word from c syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  run windows upgrade refresh whether or not to refresh force a package update ports with port selfupdate for all packages .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  close serial devices .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  clears   mark
truth:  clears   contexts

test:  test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 302 status code .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a generator that only those units with the given start units .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  generate a commit hash containing the given path .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  returns an estimate of the matrix at the given dataset .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  produces   pulls
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a hash of field names and populate a given user with its field .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  starting   lambda
truth:  starting   django

test:  return a multivariate cauchy function for variance .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generates   contructs
truth:  generates   sample

test:  takes a certificate .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  returns   saml_artifact
truth:  returns   students

test:  converts obj to its proper sql version .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  takes a string like tokens and returns a list of strings .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   were
truth:  get   property

test:  validates that value is true or false .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  returns a row of the current row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  pulls   domain
truth:  pulls   fetch

test:  get a datastore blob from the blob_key .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  template   solve
truth:  template   settings

test:  calculates the successive matrix for each ndarray x .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   switch
truth:  calculate   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   sums
truth:  evaluate   expression

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   pulls
truth:  pack   null

test:  set discussions and configure cohorts for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  move cluster types .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   loads
truth:  commit   changes

test:  extract messages from a collection of text .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  load a csv file .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns a string .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   carve
truth:  retrieves   word

test:  test that group dont crash with a group input .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  errors   ssl
truth:  errors   errors

test:  make sure the answer mode is set correctly .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  helper function to serialize an object and return it .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  pickle   pulls
truth:  pickle   null

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   algorithm
truth:  transform   points

test:  make a voxel into a voxel .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   combine
truth:  make   transformation

test:  add an in-memory hold rule .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse command-line tokens from queue or a token comment .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  atom   disable
truth:  atom   |

test:  ensure that the parent directory for |path| exists .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  return a derinteger gradient with the given css color and base gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   multiprocessing
truth:  create   css

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  returns form data for post .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  run unit-tests .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  return discrete discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   forget
truth:  return   inverse

test:  gets the user info for a requestcontext .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  send an image .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   algorithm
truth:  produce   points

test:  simple test for a bug that caused tests .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   bench
truth:  forces   value

test:  takes a list of longs values in a string .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   divides
truth:  converts   matrices

test:  md5 hash of base_str .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  using   communicate
truth:  using   md5

test:  decorator for api views .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  give a page where the page has the rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  get the list of the locales that contain a dictionary .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   talking
truth:  get   dict

test:  ireport of fire stations .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   described
truth:  applies   convolution

test:  returns internal plugins object .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  get   interpolated
truth:  get   plugins

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  move to specific cover tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  compute the main img function paste .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write amf message as a protocol buffer .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  make a %%label%% request to use as an requests service .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  source: android mobile .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  recursively reorder the size of commit to the last line .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  pulls   unescaped
truth:  pulls   entries

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the given context .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  check if the key exists in the gpg file system .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  return true if f is an element of f .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   uncheck
truth:  subtract   element

test:  shared handler for the docstring .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  select   enhance
truth:  select   items

test:  ld mnist .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  return the spectral ordering of a directed undirected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  update and add an entire vote on user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  store   wheter
truth:  store   existence

test:  administrator administrator administrator for a specific course .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   generating
truth:  runs   shell

test:  true if the address represents a valid netmask .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  load admin role in specified format .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  read   suggest
truth:  read   folder

test:  returns the path of a test template .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculate the log likelihood of a list of numbers .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   restoring
truth:  list   data

test:  check that library version is greater than properties .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  return an element of the dataset .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  mutate   masking
truth:  mutate   strategy

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  return true if both string has any pending characters .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  detects   shared
truth:  detects   string

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   tear
truth:  logs   module

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test rotated with mixin columns .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  check whether the ith sentence is a http/2 of ten .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  this view shows the list of all users to .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  list   retrive
truth:  list   checks

test:  extract the label tag from a course name .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   catch
truth:  extract   course

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns whether a number is a valid number .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  determine   sparks
truth:  determine   number

test:  process traffic in src .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merge   crop
truth:  merge   directory

test:  example of ticket .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the url for the given handler .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  find the hermite interpolation .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   compile
truth:  decide   documentation

test:  potentially form a dictionary of keys .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  *public a stable activity for the given uuid .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  determine   rising
truth:  determine   group

test:  computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  resultant   suppose
truth:  resultant   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  given a playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   flattens
truth:  format   output

test:  get a single extension for the specified credential .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  a function to enqueue a function that handles us to use .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  yield all items in an iterable collection that are unique .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a base64 encoded password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  wrapper to easily define functions .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  log and log an error message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  performs the vigenere cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   sends
truth:  performs   encryption

test:  add instance_system_metadata info to the larger table .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   stores
truth:  add   name

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  get the network device of an interface .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  import a file from the repository .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   restoring
truth:  imports   data

test:  decorator for marking the same functions .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  autogenerated   pulls
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  compute singular xfm .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  insert   divides
truth:  insert   matrices

test:  processes all loaded files under root .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  loads   authenticated
truth:  loads   everything

test:  given a inbox .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  helper function to get a blank manager instance from a behave file or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  element-wise reshape .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   providing
truth:  reshapes   tensor

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   disconnects
truth:  find   dir

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : list sep enum_seq | list .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of push strings from a function buffer .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  takes   safe_octal
truth:  takes   class

test:  query the filesystem 'options' .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  convert s to int .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  add a set of spelling in the set of files to a document containing the rpm/sla table .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  adds   sleep
truth:  adds   files

test:  regression test for an super where deprecating a class with a deprecated attribute .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  add current encoding to the body .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   backup
truth:  add   properties

test:  called when the server is called .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  class decorator for memoizing to def sub .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  return a list of existing permission to send the current user .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   crack
truth:  parse   _

test:  shows a list of tasks for a too device .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get tox environment overrides for use in build .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  gets the common request body .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  creates   expect
truth:  creates   body

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  return a network api object .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   chisquare
truth:  returns   tuples

test:  detect a compute independence algorithm from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  returns current date value with the given flags .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test artemis123 .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return a catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   fold
truth:  get   backend

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  redirect to event/create .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  enter   pulls
truth:  enter   null

test:  update the certificate symlinks file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   scours
truth:  update   family

test:  determine if the specified kernel is a python binary .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  test to declare a single table .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   supports
truth:  dedent   text

test:  return a list of the network .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   killed
truth:  dump   network

test:  returns {status 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return a set of unique elements in an iterable .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  check   exposes
truth:  check   values

test:  return true if the lines in the split line is in the split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   del
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   roundrobin
truth:  analyze   application

test:  return art information for an album .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   recommended
truth:  fetch   art

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper function to return the absolute value of a vector using the flat color .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  task used to send an incoming message through router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  retrieve   compress
truth:  retrieve   db

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  sort the values of a dict whose keys are lists of each value is a dictionary .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   blur
truth:  returns   ordereddict

test:  return the disk disk devices .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  gets   listen
truth:  gets   key

test:  returns a dict with the current configuration values converted to a specific session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  factor univariate polynomials over algebraic number fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  reboot the host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  perform   decrease
truth:  perform   action

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   bounds
truth:  fill   table

test:  determine whether the user specified by the lti launch has an existing account .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  function call every time .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  replace expressions exactly .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  change   unescaped
truth:  change   entries

test:  verify that the signal is allowed to provide state .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  display a list of profiles .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  check if the given ip address is currently used .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse batch normalization on inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if there is available that are not already in the list of available edit on boot .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get effective router for use .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  validate that the given string is valid utf-8 encoded string .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  create new .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   crack
truth:  returns   _

test:  limit content .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  returns a rabbitmq implementation of pyenv .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return an powerline digest of obj .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  helper: get a date .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  vertical laplace on an edge should be a laplace line .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  turns a list of tokens or a list of basenames tokens into a list of basenames objects .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  send a queue to systemd the request .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  load an empty template into source .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  return all hm .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert integer into an integer .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   dereference
truth:  return   width

test:  a bash shell command .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  escape   learn
truth:  escape   quotes

test:  convert naive :class:~datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return a full url for function for a gravatar .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  gets   coefficients
truth:  gets   gravatar

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  event function to declare an event handler .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  calculates a hex hex representation .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  formats   gauss
truth:  formats   strings

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  import application .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   refresh
truth:  import   scripts

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  checks for valid header errors .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   stubbed
truth:  checks   headers

test:  determine if shuffler service is allowed to verify the two useful .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  rank a function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   fonts
truth:  get   layer

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  initializes time log handlers .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  convert a python string name into a subclass of the appropriate header .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  converts   flattening
truth:  converts   field

test:  return the url for an existing user .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of bookmark force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   referenced
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  take a string and return a list of lines with the same whitespace or byte string .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the status code .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  checks the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   confirmed
truth:  validates   length

test:  render a formset **tag name**:: .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   grep
truth:  render   formset

test:  return a private error message .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  detects detect config .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detect   deflate
truth:  detect   config

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check two otu maps file includes the modified two quotas .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   kicks
truth:  compare   otu

test:  test that all of the pip params are collected and that we can do not need to represent the environment variables .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  add a query of widgets to externally fields .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   r^2
truth:  add   form

test:  handler for show options from the documents to the documents .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  handle   express
truth:  handle   -

test:  list the folders that pertain to a specific location in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   frees
truth:  list   folders

test:  cold all instances by service .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   located
truth:  invoke   method

test:  creates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   unescapes
truth:  creates   rule

test:  provides the configuration .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commits   loads
truth:  commits   changes

test:  create a brocade specific network/port-profiles .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  extract common language from a dictionary .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  removes information about the info .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the navigator .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  parse an ldap api packet .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  initialize   talk
truth:  initialize   packet

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  get   shed
truth:  get   exception

test:  rgb to hsv color space conversion .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  wsgiapp()) implementation of the matched parameter .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  list the names of available filesystem .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the maximum likelihood estimator for each phase method .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  make sure that a gem source is present .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  only load if the traffic server module is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  set the network config or list of hosts .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  parse lists as described by contains_nan file .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   optdict
truth:  returns   lines

test:  validate that value is a delimited space from the provided value .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  yield paths content after all of the files in the given file .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  evaluate   ip
truth:  evaluate   paths

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  deprecated use this decorator for downloadable .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enable or disable an interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   embedded
truth:  enable   example

test:  get a logger for the given logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  set and retrieve the pyyamls property of the matrix .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   accentuated
truth:  creates   getter

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict with information about an existing job .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  store   bcaches
truth:  store   minions

test:  converts a list of message objects .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sending   exit
truth:  sending   handling

test:  returns all patterns in the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  deprecated use a background caches in the tasks .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  remove gcd of f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  remove   corrupts
truth:  remove   terms

test:  returns whether file has a byte string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  returns the reverse order primers name for the given primers id .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  return   occur
truth:  return   barcodes

test:  return the cumulative density function at x .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes an entity from the datastore .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  performs   activate
truth:  performs   delete

test:  register keystoneclient middleware options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   forbid
truth:  register   options

test:  a simple test function to ensure that the potentially has been initialized successfully .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   optimized
truth:  test   script

test:  retrieve exception data from the zoneinfo data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  flag the key as returns after the values in the activation .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   offset
truth:  infer   parameters

test:  return mercurial file of a given file .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   walk
truth:  find   dirname

test:  compiler factory .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  check if email address is compatible with our email address .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  prevent   decoding
truth:  prevent   lists

test:  test items from feature columns .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  process the implementation of a input .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  calling   reencrypt
truth:  calling   start

test:  populates a particular structure of an acid .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  function : function plus function | function | function | function | function | function dag .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   controlled
truth:  function   identifier

test:  check that all tests .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  return weakly connected components of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  overriding a process and create a process .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  return a dictionary containing the given components and all #572 .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  unsigned short .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   init
truth:  validate   modules

test:  coerce value to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  filter   maintain
truth:  filter   mail

test:  remove a port bound to a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   receives
truth:  remove   port

test:  restores an incomplete filename .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   responds
truth:  restores   database

test:  can end and participate when a single time has a channels .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  ensure   borrowed
truth:  ensure   instances

test:  save the cache cache with the given cache .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   eliminating
truth:  save   cache

test:  returns the positions of the sequences .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  fill   launch
truth:  fill   coordinates

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct | struct | struct_or_union id lbrace rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  render a warning .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  convert an rgb color space to the given lms .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  creates   exhaust
truth:  creates   conversion

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  uses   failing
truth:  uses   style

test:  return true if the given file name is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  returns dataset to use .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  gets the html to use for the url .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  transform   access
truth:  transform   url

test:  setup packfail .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  helper function for creating and save it to the stream .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   plan
truth:  get   profile

test:  generate a link .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   proposed
truth:  generate   chain

test:  list the triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  configure the students certificate information about students certificate .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   pulls
truth:  request   null

test:  disable all the state function or sls addresses cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   broadcasted
truth:  disable   runs

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   offset
truth:  depending   parameters

test:  helper to run the virtual service on the given service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  returns a list of products with the highest values removed .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  multiplies   smooth
truth:  multiplies   vector

test:  cast to an object .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  updates categories of system categories .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  print   points
truth:  print   sub

test:  decides where the grammar argument works for creating and works as the last encoder .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   hsv
truth:  test   grammar

test:  get the actual file path of fileorpath if its a fileupload object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  resolve   define
truth:  resolve   path

test:  clear all of the *keys* tests .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   binhexed
truth:  clear   tests

test:  get a unified diff of two strings *a* wrt .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  check cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  repack an xpi if the given path is not created .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  attempts to remove the file at path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure the named group exists .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   printing
truth:  generate   locale

test:  print a message to the shuffler application listname .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get vm status .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  make sure the usage of the given module is not imported .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error "hello": { "hi": 5 .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  attempts   restoring
truth:  attempts   data

test:  returns default config value for a given key .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   lambda
truth:  get   django

test:  merge multiple keys into separate pieces .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   review
truth:  merge   keys

test:  encode string to unicode .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  takes   ensures
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an argument out of a repository .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  splits   ayoung
truth:  splits   base

test:  get authentication auth key .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  get the musicbrainz id with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a release-group key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   rect
truth:  get   work

test:  disassociate all ancestor ips by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  check whether recommendations recommendations have a value for a base payload .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  checks   flattening
truth:  checks   field

test:  extracts the current exceptions to a file descriptor .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   parsefile
truth:  write   descriptor

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  extract a root key for a given key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extracts   intialize
truth:  extracts   root

test:  update scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  internal method to delete contact related info .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  delete   highlights
truth:  delete   update

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   indicate
truth:  generate   polynomial

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether given host is available .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the stemmed data to use .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  creates a new context with the default context for the default parameters .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a qcolor into an integer .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  test the ident .
truth: command history . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end after begin from begin .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   mounted
truth:  returns   end

test:  parse a change of the response .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  through the smallest side of evaluation side .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   indicating
truth:  resize   images

test:  return a iso8601 formatted date string .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  check the input arguments .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a directory for the duration of an additional directories .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   cleave
truth:  return   providers

test:  validate a google app name .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  divide   imposes
truth:  divide   f

test:  configure the event handlers .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  endpoint   fitnesse
truth:  endpoint   events

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encodes   executed
truth:  encodes   dictionary

test:  return a context associated with the given url .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  recurse for the courseware connection .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   preload
truth:  render   content

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   sends
truth:  encrypts   encryption

test:  create a continuous random variable with a weibull distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks to see if the file in the sequence file is not empty .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  we want to hostfromgpu(gpusparseblockouter) a pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  simulate   launching
truth:  simulate   pipeline

test:  get score for an benchmark score .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the incompat for the given method .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   pulls
truth:  skip   null

test:  get the maximum age of a service .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  if the given configuration is met .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  iterator   cause
truth:  iterator   option

test:  enable capturing the script to run the beginning and port .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  place the sympy file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  resolve any absolute path to the operating system .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  freezing   calculate
truth:  freezing   windows

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  applies regular expression matching the regexp .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   sums
truth:  applies   expression

test:  returns lambda function .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  fill a repeated by *k* terms .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  use   skipped
truth:  use   use

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  unzip the given filename to a created .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   updating
truth:  extract   archive

test:  convenience function .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the unit name of a given unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the given list of strings that can be used in the songs .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  return the correct argument in format of a particular db .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  decides whether g has a maximal matching g in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new random blank character requirement: * mssql tested against: notes: * useful to bypass several web application
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  runs services as a script .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   chew
truth:  handle   service

test:  commits authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   unparsing
truth:  create   git

test:  converts a decimal timestamp to decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  performs forward estimator of cosine terms .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  use   broadcasted
truth:  use   runs

test:  measures a given order of golden operations .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  order   pulls
truth:  order   null

test:  initialize a style function .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  convert a time string to a tuple of objects .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  store the item at the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   urlencode
truth:  store   item

test:  train a written roidb by _sympify .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  find available services .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  filters from a file-like object into one .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   restoring
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  return the c code associated with a .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  get the software user .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a list of unique paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   reallocation
truth:  return   collection

test:  context manager for temporary file creation .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return an attribute array for testing set of fields that are primary key .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run any dimension of the paired algorithm .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  makes a bytearray like functools .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  filter out all groups with each distinct pattern .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  validate the mailgun webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  enter the customer from the users log out of date .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get the html for a complete page .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   documentation

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  discard   unescaped
truth:  discard   entries

test:  parses a string of statements .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  construct a combinatorics using the combinatorics function of the input n-dimensional .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  permutes   sparsedataset
truth:  permutes   indices

test:  check key/value cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  add   unenroll
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a new tag for a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  return a set of plot commands .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  update an object by id .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  skip test if config doesnt support config values .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   freezing
truth:  raise   configuration

test:  encodes a unicode string for a group of bytes .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   compresses
truth:  find   statement

test:  signal to save state_changed model .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  check   matches
truth:  check   misc

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  validates basic filters for basic basic data .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validate   obj
truth:  validate   filters

test:  return x minus the mean(x) .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a integer from a function f .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  convert   making
truth:  convert   float

test:  accepts an ~astropy .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  information about the registered session .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  it should give a 3d shape with a dummy separations .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   rising
truth:  deletes   group

test:  return the wigner .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   translates
truth:  defines   flags

test:  plot axes plots according to a second axes or offset .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  initialize   support
truth:  initialize   time

test:  safely remove the named file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  renders the template and renders it with the given dict of values .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  extract/create a sequence of mu .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  checks   operate
truth:  checks   h

test:  searches a generated files and returns a list of modules .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   intialize
truth:  scan   root

test:  simulates the cache supporting command line .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   step
truth:  cache   names

test:  retrieve preferred arguments .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  check if sys .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  determine the maximum number of days .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   proxying
truth:  return   assets

test:  endpoint to modify the message .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  test reading a dict-like data store .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  return the min cost of a network .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  find   cost

test:  convert an ip address from an ip address to an ip number as a base-10 integer .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  append a string period to the beginning of a number .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  append   standardises
truth:  append   period

test:  locate the leftmost value in a less than a .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   bench
truth:  locate   value

test:  closes svn requests .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  parsing a string as a boolean .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return an array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  check if it can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   vectorized
truth:  check   webapp

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  apply migrations for provider facts to cluster mode .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   object
truth:  apply   facts

test:  initialize the rate .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move a one-step in-place .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   preloading
truth:  move   host

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  test   list

test:  returns a specific format type for a specific format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get a list of all locales of the config locales .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  home a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  add a new instance of a template .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  convert theta in radiants .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return a dict with keys of the provided keys converted to the top .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  create a track track track object from a url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get float values from the elementnode and the values .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  create an entity into a protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  tests using a reference implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  test rotated elliptical gaussian2d creator and unlinks .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  pulls   totodiles
truth:  pulls   machines

test:  decides if the given xml is selected .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  aggregation dask .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  convert   insure
truth:  convert   dataframe

test:  return url to the latest revision .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  return random latin name .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  generate   customized
truth:  generate   salt

test:  checks that the wrapped version is being used .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  generate the primary key for a given hash .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  calculate   orthoganlize
truth:  calculate   hash

test:  returns a qbuttongroup for a friendly ospfv3 ospfv3 where the z is a string of the form websites .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  compute   sqlmap
truth:  compute   limit

test:  find the ancestor of a person entity --format=columns .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  return the entry in the minion cli example: .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  pulls   detects
truth:  pulls   color

test:  calculate the float vector of rounding and dot .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  sends a notification to the users notification driver for a email address .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  email   allocate
truth:  email   user

test:  set up a new .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  same as serversetting .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple function to parse a gettext to a gettext specification .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  pulls   tag
truth:  pulls   gettext

test:  return the list of all available jobs and return the empty dictionary .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  get   contexts

test:  registers an individual writer instance .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  adds   mixed
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  do-nothing debug action .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send message to people/teams .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   targeting
truth:  send   backends

test:  get an valid endpoints description from a certificate .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  restores an state when passed an object to a previous line .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   currents
truth:  restores   state

test:  get the path to the latest thread .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  return the pid of a given target .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to use for the given target .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   splodge
truth:  returns   keyczar

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  get loop intersections from inside a inside .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  uses list to return the unique reply in an argument .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   looping
truth:  flatten   node

test:  sync a file to disk .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  if the user has permission to access this page .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  to remove a host from the specified host system name cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   grouping
truth:  remove   system

test:  decode crypto meta to a file .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  used for starting at the command line .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  returns the number of components in the given head .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  read all file in a directory and return a generator which match all sff files in all the figure figure .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  return   wheather
truth:  return   library

test:  enforces 2 .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   forget
truth:  evaluates   inverse

test:  given a string and a list .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   decoding
truth:  given   lists

test:  get the current time zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   zone

test:  make sure the user is allowed to use the same as the current process .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  push   aff4_type
truth:  push   share

test:  returns a temporary filename that should connect to a temporary file .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  return   skipped
truth:  return   use

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   renders
truth:  get   series

test:  calculates the z score of each value in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   named
truth:  calculates   z

test:  returns a list of all users that are cohorted in the given course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   rotated
truth:  returns   partition

test:  construct an entry from the tree entry .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   inform
truth:  sort   entry

test:  solves an arbitrary order linear differential equation with linear coefficients using the method of 1st linear differential equation .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns a generic .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   collecting
truth:  weighted   b

test:  load a pil image of images .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  creates   fileformat
truth:  creates   self

test:  add the current page to the given page .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   eliminating
truth:  invalidates   cache

test:  search for an album using the musicbrainz album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  search   decorate
truth:  search   matches

test:  convert the whole vector to integer .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  checks   smooth
truth:  checks   vector

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  fetches a list of available networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  remove data files .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  set the raw number of days since the process .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  mode: string - "agg" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   decides
truth:  verify   sha1

test:  loads a check from places into the additional arguments .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   check

test:  copy copied sample from one s3 to another in the form file .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a modifier block bound to process the same code in the given block policy .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  test to see if the cache is installed .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   widening
truth:  set   location

test:  return true if the user can view the given username .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  determine   wrapped
truth:  determine   permission

test:  internal helper method to resolve media files and groups .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  embed   sleep
truth:  embed   files

test:  delete a specific doctypes .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  load current user from backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnects   pulls
truth:  disconnects   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ping sleep .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  print   stop
truth:  print   dots

test:  same as objtag but returns none .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test our file .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   doing
truth:  test   annotations

test:  gets the path for an application .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  prints a bytestring .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  add a repository result to the default operation on the role .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  convert an integer to human readable form .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  translates   hover
truth:  translates   bytes

test:  clears internal cache for the called device .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clean   b1
truth:  clean   translations

test:  utility function to import a string date into a datetime .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  function that remove an estimator from a sparse matrix .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  parses keyword argument string .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  deregister the check with the given agent using the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  removes   check

test:  check if the beginning is in the range .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  concatenate a sequence of arg into a new command .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  a page that asserts that the book is valid .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  gets the default textiowrapper application .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  updates a postgres user .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  deserialize any time into a space-separated instance .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  translate   restoring
truth:  translate   data

test:  generate an address for the first ip address .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  deprecated use this decorator if a chance of select if a value does not make sure we get callers .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   assign
truth:  ensures   requests

test:  return the current configuration type .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  helper function to set the proper trials tests .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   trivial
truth:  raises   connection

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  update units with an initial backends .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   responds
truth:  load   database

test:  helper to make a bem solution .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  create   decrypt
truth:  create   solution

test:  converts an array to a 2d numpy array of uint8 articles .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  look for attribute that should be used to imports an attribute on the attributes that it .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  extract   mutate
truth:  extract   column

test:  add an event to the @sopel .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  join   overrides
truth:  join   channel

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  push the new block bound to the specified block .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  open   converted
truth:  open   block

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model stochastic .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  pulls   reconstitute
truth:  pulls   sound

test:  converts a bytes attribute values to a bytes object .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  return info about the given users cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  numpy implementation of the logistic function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  uninstalls a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   identifies
truth:  uninstalls   plugin

test:  returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  returns the selected nodes in the cell list .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  create a pants setup for the passed setup .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake identity .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  call c{main} description and returns true if the service is installed .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return a new flexible closure for the given state .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   stacks
truth:  return   states

test:  return all iam groups .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  compute heights open blocks .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  computes   restrict
truth:  computes   array

test:  initialize the hidden cos**2 object .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  send an exception .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  remove generated jobs from the current request/thread .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  take   flattens
truth:  take   output

test:  stringify utc date in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   shared
truth:  time   string

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return the distance between two sparse matrix .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  purge all files .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  delete   disconnects
truth:  delete   dir

test:  print a tree representation of the given node .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   djangos
truth:  print   indentation

test:  clean out the cache folders .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  tab test .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  is   turn
truth:  is   case

test:  only work on utilityonlyworkson .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   encode
truth:  load   mac

test:  make sure the application works .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  utility function to execute an money jar command .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   initializes
truth:  executes   program

test:  install a package descriptor .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   lets
truth:  install   handler

test:  parse a channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  return the 3-regular platonic petersen .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove the and sockets from the psql .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   unquoting
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  check if input string is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the version of the newest version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  formats a time string for an accountlistentry task .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the base64 encoded encoding .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   evacuate
truth:  get   precision

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation disabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  test x10 address validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  get a string representation of the default object .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  factory function to create a wsgi chain .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate an executable path .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  derive   define
truth:  derive   path

test:  registers a mapping of plugin calls to be appened in a dictionary .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify the previous line number of all exploits values in the message deferreds .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a sparse matrix that can be used with the same number of arguments .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   temperature
truth:  parses   date

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  encode a piece of pairs as xml .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   extract
truth:  encode   version

test:  perform a wiskott for each program .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  verify that the element with the given name is the data .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verify   flow
truth:  verify   fields

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  checks if changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  test   forms
truth:  test   result

test:  generates a invert set of nodes in the given graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   publish
truth:  inverts   graph

test:  remove a session from the current request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  removes   exposes
truth:  removes   values

test:  simple _path_info() can detect which starts with the file pointed to by the file .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  return   unpatch
truth:  return   matching

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  test that a trivial with a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  check a locale then set .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  set   vars

test:  set or delete metadata on a metadata .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   post_save
truth:  set   metadata

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  create a authentication digest for a given acl string .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  creates a details for a release id .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  check response headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   stubbed
truth:  check   headers

test:  returns a dict representing the config values for keystone and sessions .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  returns the class or none if it doesnt exist .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  return the router for an address defined by router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   prepares
truth:  loads   router

test:  associate a sequence of conf .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get all the mapping information about the given function list .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  give an alternative out of a probability tensors .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a dict of versions of components used by database cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  report   poll
truth:  report   versions

test:  creates a consisting of the sha1 match the same regex .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function takes a double error number and converts it to a double error .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  pad   summarize
truth:  pad   zeros

test:  creates two new .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  transforms blocks into a new tuple of type blocks .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  pulls   multivariate
truth:  pulls   blocks

test:  load config file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  updates all the uploads with the provided key and replace values of that match the old value .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  pulls   pass
truth:  pulls   document

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  returns a tuple with the result of the given state .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  loop   currents
truth:  loop   state

test:  helper to grab a static gui .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return x minus the smaller layer of x .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  create   embeds
truth:  create   pandas

test:  render the value of a template fragment .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test when we can write contents to a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  transforms a single fingerprint field to a field .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  returns a tuple uid and remainder string .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a list .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  gets   abandoned
truth:  gets   declaration

test:  get heightgrid recipients .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  ensures a string argument with an error message .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  throw   shed
truth:  throw   exception

test:  context manager to attach the given variables to those that have the same variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   accept
truth:  context   env

test:  construct a base url-safe base64 encoded image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  generate   forwards
truth:  generate   image

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   forgets
truth:  injects   filesystem

test:  look for options that returns a unsupported lower case .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  generate absolute pathname to match binary .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   wanted
truth:  builds   filename

test:  run the selected test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  discover   binhexed
truth:  discover   tests

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  create a new cluster record .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  perform the dad dos attack using ns described in section 4 .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the configuration file .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  internal function to find the tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   configured
truth:  inverts   tree

test:  decode a unicode uuid .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   bartels
truth:  decode   contents

test:  sets the current system via the htpasswd command .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  authenticate a comment .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  stores   iterates
truth:  stores   comment

test:  load a schema file .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns the number of bits that are equal to .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns the given string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  transform an object into a multinomial form .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  checks barcodes of a single header for the given mapping .
truth: gets header . 
test:  gets   assume
truth:  gets   header

test:  if the specified view has an [xmlschema-2] view .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  prints a bunch of sequences for each character in the logging system .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   revoked
truth:  extract   details

test:  infer a function name to be called in a assign .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   stores
truth:  infer   name

test:  get the absolute path for a package .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  helper method for scrolled output .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  confine this module to rhel/fedora based distros .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  works   migrate
truth:  works   systemd

test:  get a list of salt .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   disabling
truth:  generate   filenames

test:  unquotes a content-type value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  updates reconcile .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  cancel   pulls
truth:  cancel   null

test:  given an enum instance .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   archive
truth:  return   member

test:  get_init cant find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get all attachment specs for the specified attachment .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  parse a string and return parsed version of parsed configurations .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  tries   support
truth:  tries   time

test:  get the gnu filenames .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  given a request object .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  extracts   backup
truth:  extracts   properties

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   error
truth:  pair   bracket

test:  receive a dataframe and return a human-readable list .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  returns information about **column** .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   based
truth:  convert   address

test:  behaves str .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  surround   preload
truth:  surround   content

test:  parses an entry from a dictionary of strings .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   inform
truth:  parse   entry

test:  display all the figures and enter the figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastic mapreduce service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  delete a exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  discretize gaussian modes with different modes and check if result is at least two .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  pulls   imagine
truth:  pulls   modes

test:  create and return a tuple containing the list of lines .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  returns   igor
truth:  returns   device

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   intialize
truth:  find   root

test:  helper to make a method that actually returns the value of the given user .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  combine the latest channel .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  invoke   generating
truth:  invoke   shell

test:  documents a review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   retuned
truth:  lists   revisions

test:  get the count of an object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  replace none with an empty string .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test generator with a random number of data using a regular expression .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   replay
truth:  test   chart

test:  load the data modechoice data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a ios sandbox name .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   proxying
truth:  returns   assets

test:  require a python package .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  return all the paths in the given path .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the url of all available url .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  renders   url

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  verifies that the cypher is valid .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  preprocess an expression into a list of strings .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  prepare   craft
truth:  prepare   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  add a known paths for the user to the source file if it doesnt add a valid site .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  signal a signal with application nodes .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  used   label
truth:  used   custom

test:  clipped clip based on a blackwhite .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the comments feature is longer than the remaining feature .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  returns a validator registered for use with a given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  get   pipe
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp of the timedelta object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  common code .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   currents
truth:  rewrite   state

test:  transition image with x properties .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   forwards
truth:  update   image

test:  remove group from partial name .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an xri to a native string .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  test a line with an empty dimension .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find comments with the given comment and calculate each value in the tree .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  get the environment pythonpath for current environment .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  retrieve   unquoting
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  authentication for an oauth user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  builds   guvectorize
truth:  builds   oauth

test:  return a generator for each observation in iterable .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  creates a new security group .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  tokenize a file with content .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   supports
truth:  tokenize   text

test:  this reads the contents of a file .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  read   filter

test:  retrieve a thing for the inbox of a thing .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  function   flip
truth:  function   python

test:  bind the given ack string to a data store .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  ensure   restoring
truth:  ensure   data

test:  convert an sin(x)*-2 string to a form object .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   twitter
truth:  check   auto

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   preprocess
truth:  returns   networks

test:  find all the nodes that corresponds to the given field .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  convert a source string to dst .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  construct   containing
truth:  construct   ip

test:  return the name of the package for the provided computer .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   union
truth:  get   domain

test:  compute the vector norm of *a* .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id change the container name or id **return **return data** true will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pauses   satisfy
truth:  pauses   container

test:  turn a list into a sorted matrix .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  make   cleaning
truth:  make   matrix

test:  completeness the score and completeness for the given pred .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  run doctest on the target .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   prettyprint
truth:  run   examples

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get a file name from the file system .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  start a local file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  generalized   pulls
truth:  generalized   null

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  closes a specific model .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  demo   indicating
truth:  demo   images

test:  this decorator will return an event handler that returns a string .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  show all features in the running features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  list   features

test:  create a softmax that is sin(x)**2 with no plex .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  constructs   initialise
truth:  constructs   layers

test:  return full path to the s3cache dir for a given instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  generate   disconnects
truth:  generate   dir

test:  return true if the named service is running .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  product of kth order differences .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   invalidates
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  sun -> string return a copy of the string s with leading and trailing whitespace removed .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  pulls   rabins
truth:  pulls   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  this function calls a file given state .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  expands a series of change to the json operator .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  creates a link to the structure of the string .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   resample
truth:  creates   directories

test:  keyword arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns partial expect algorithm .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  cross   landing
truth:  cross   sum

test:  add salt-cloud-profile trunk to the output of c{testcase} .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   revoked
truth:  add   details

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   pinned_array
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  returns the classifier which is a prefix/plen the classifier is a model-driven .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid bool resource .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  swaps the matrix along a given curve curve .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  encode the remote wanted by requesting a remote remote -> conv2d .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sets a users profile cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  downloads tv file .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  test if the potentially gradient is from a block .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  patches a storage object to an existing class .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  add   located
truth:  add   method

test:  decorator to enable tests that require authentication libraries .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture for unsigned test w .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  remove generated channel .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  pulls   extracts
truth:  pulls   socket

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  asserts that the desired interactive mode is not an interactive interactive lights .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   instantiate
truth:  verify   arguments

test:  checks if a file matches the given eia for the given locale .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matches   allocate
truth:  matches   user

test:  decorates a callback to generate a lazy lazy .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  be   pulls
truth:  be   null

test:  service : service identifier { enum_seq } .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  goes through all files in the directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  writes a sequence of xml quality xml file .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  send   switch
truth:  send   list

test:  gets the user with the specified user_id .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  try to work out the distribution .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   knapsack
truth:  upload   request

test:  convert a string to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  returns length of raw barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  split   reveal
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deletes user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  return path of mrjob .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  filter out passwords from cloud cloud storage .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  test serie iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  reads an image .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   been
truth:  import   format

test:  generate a new bit key see: url .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   skipped
truth:  generate   use

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete an empty file .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a resource that looks like a dictionary .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  helper function for static values .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  repack from a local tarball .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  return the module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  assemble   pulls
truth:  assemble   null

test:  convert the given data to a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  simple test showing how to be set correctly .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   aliased
truth:  test   json

test:  flow of the qt event .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns the docs version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  like yaml .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   freezing
truth:  loads   configuration

test:  return available packet datacenter images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  return the account .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   transliterate
truth:  get   variable

test:  test that the popular are initialized by default .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  pulls   appends
truth:  pulls   add

test:  get a list of the lamps that are in the graph involving .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  find   reserve
truth:  find   subgraph

test:  return the first index of the sequence in seq .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  turns a list of tokens into a string containing the words .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the maximum number of a collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  checks if the provided ipv4 address is a valid ipv4-address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  return a list of localizable attributes for an object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  codegen -> value restricted python name .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   associate
truth:  generate   expressions

test:  break the pairwise matrix x .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  handle   turn
truth:  handle   case

test:  split a branch and extension .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  splits   utf-8
truth:  splits   argument

test:  get the current creation time .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  extract   support
truth:  extract   time

test:  check for correctness of two arrays by comparing and loss are equal w .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  prints out a list of current psql command line .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  ensure   inquire
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  multiply two memory likelihood .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  decode a raw base64 encoded value .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   connect
truth:  encodes   entities

test:  returns true if the existence of a color in a color .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  add more source code to sources .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  extracts   deployments
truth:  extracts   sources

test:  this function is used to transform messages into the tests .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  return true if path is a file .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test the fit sample routine with cnn .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  returns true if g is a isolate for g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  determines   looping
truth:  determines   node

test:  test process offset of process .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   extension

test:  get a string value of a absolute path .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   ascii

test:  call signature:: polar make a polar plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   memoizes
truth:  make   plot

test:  event handler for adding event class to default .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  create custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  this function is used for testing the state we provide a remote keys for any remote keys .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   codes

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  run all the command .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute spatial connectivity for a given cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  create a new font with the specified weight .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  return the first column of the undecorate .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the pioneer .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  get the entry from the main locale .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  make   languages

test:  restore all definitions on a given node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   sleep
truth:  migrate   files

test:  returns a list of comments in the current forwards and the status has only comments values .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  get   comments

test:  generate a unique table for changes .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  adapt   flattens
truth:  adapt   output

test:  show approval information about a post .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  search environment for searching for an environment .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  executes   flip
truth:  executes   python

test:  provide the transifex access token for an rpm access token .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  obtain   scop
truth:  obtain   token

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   unenroll
truth:  test   cookies

test:  check for except: .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   been
truth:  check   format

test:  given a list of all programs .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   deduce
truth:  return   programs

test:  escapes % characters .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  yaml: whitesource publish code reports with whitesource .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  unpacks elements of a uint8 array into a packed string .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  packs   eliminates
truth:  packs   elements

test:  print a list of objects starting with an object .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  generate   fragment
truth:  generate   report

test:  get the inverse of a form with the given lexical .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  loads all extension in the module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  does a dictionary with any of the given selection .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  determines   search
truth:  determines   d

test:  create a new identity object .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   generating
truth:  communicate   shell

test:  validate google cloud storage textbooks .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   supports
truth:  validate   text

test:  decorate all the nodes in the tree to the given node .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  function   push
truth:  function   depth

test:  construct a signal from epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  reconstruct   dumps
truth:  reconstruct   signal

test:  calculate the given number for a hex body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  determine if the number of changed files are changed .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  get all extra specs for a flavor flavor .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  print an iterable of snippets .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a dictionary with node details parsed by the passed node .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   skipped
truth:  serialize   use

test:  split the elements of the topological indices in an order .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns the maximum of a csr or csc matrix .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power_exp hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  returns the vdot product of two arrays .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  for a google author .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  generate an md5 hash with the given key and return the checksum of a given key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  receive   review
truth:  receive   keys

test:  use netmiko to change the matrix-vector info from hex to address .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  get the admin_username .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get saml provider document .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   embedded
truth:  get   example

test:  generate a random peak variable with the same hue .
truth: like rand . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extracts the data from an http http code and returns it .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return true if isgitlink is a fifo .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  check   created
truth:  check   mode

test:  log info .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  tokenize a sequence of text strings into a new stream .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  generate a listener that is called with the given arguments .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  create a widget widget .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  populates   flow
truth:  populates   fields

test:  for example files .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get a valid context as a string .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  child process handler for properties .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  pulls   explode
truth:  pulls   processes

test:  adapt all custom elements of subtree into a course .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  map   localize
truth:  map   reference

test:  transform a string to an hexadecimal url .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  extract the external message from a function .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  inspect   satisfy
truth:  inspect   container

test:  build image for *get* .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  add   refresh
truth:  add   scripts

test:  reorder rep in a collection of shape as a dict .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a dictionary .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  take   forbid
truth:  take   options

test:  poll a block until it has gone .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  blocks   center
truth:  blocks   ec2

test:  get the number of digits that are equal .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   linkify
truth:  check   integer

test:  prints a bunch of information about the context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  render {% errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset_errors **parameters**: form %} {{ form }} .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  save the current environment to a file .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   solve
truth:  dumps   settings

test:  add rotation element to an array .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert a epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator for setting dirty to stash-away dirty methods .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  returns a string in the given path .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  extract messages from client if needed .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the accuracy of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  return a file descriptor for this image .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  pulls   marathon
truth:  pulls   opening

test:  converts profiles to a string .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  converts a sequence into a string .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  stop   retuned
truth:  stop   revisions

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return matching options .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  extract the expression whose values are in the tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   revert
truth:  extract   i18n

test:  find a cached trees in the given queryset .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  takes   offer
truth:  takes   queryset

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  helper function to get a usable config values .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a sequence for the main function .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  add http user using the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  delete   allocate
truth:  delete   user

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  show the details of the named notification server .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return any optional timestamp information .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a source string to a static file if the function was not already in src .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  expand   sums
truth:  expand   expression

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get segment path .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  takes a sequence of paths and ld to the search path .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  creates a default enrollment for the given user if theyve has completed .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run a series of assets for an instance of nodes .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   proxying
truth:  delete   assets

test:  test that all the expected url works .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  setup   embed
truth:  setup   logging

test:  gets any number of blog posts and stores them in a varable .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   act
truth:  gets   categories

test:  filters the list of names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determine   allocate
truth:  determine   user

test:  read bitpacked bytes from the given file .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   exposes
truth:  read   values

test:  create a avatar url for the passed user .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  reset the cached chars that contains the testing .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  populate   pending
truth:  populate   default

test:  function to approximate always be a bernoulli object .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  write a standard cgi-style string .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  approx of the approximation of the continuous variables .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists recursively by the paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  computes the gaussian density estimator of the discrete distribution parameters n : array_like the symmetric model from price .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   enhanced
truth:  copy   object

test:  tests that the tree can be compared with a dummy tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   configured
truth:  tests   tree

test:  creates a message with the private key prefix and dump count .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  change   rescales
truth:  change   event

test:  construct the test cluster that runs the rest cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  build   encapsulate
truth:  build   instance

test:  get redis key value from a redis server cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  creates a user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  check for a duplicate attribute of the tree .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  rebuild   exposes
truth:  rebuild   values

test:  forces a form hmac to specify the previously registered hmac .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  create an numbers from a qt prepended .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  const_value : dubconstant dubconstant dubconstant | const_list | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | dubconstant div : const_value .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the list of loaded rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yields   put
truth:  yields   rules

test:  generate a bytearray of length n from a list of groups .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  return true if path can be included in the file .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  test happy path of encoding to native strings .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  generate a certificate for the current certificate to the certificate .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   producing
truth:  generate   certificate

test:  splits an iterator into renumerate .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  get a factory that tests a upstream_task_family api function .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  morning star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  pulls   pressing
truth:  pulls   cover

test:  makes a record from a json file .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  coerce   presents
truth:  coerce   mapping

test:  creates a new user content .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to int type representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   combined
truth:  converts   ipv4

test:  add to surrounding loops from surrounding loops from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  creates a thread for the current thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   vms
truth:  creates   thread

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  deactivate pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   colorized
truth:  deactivate   context

test:  loads a modules .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return linode status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  ensures that when a customer or deleted is deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  pulls   l{twisted
truth:  pulls   subscription

test:  read everything data .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  call to start a those stack for all xmodules in the background stack .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  pulls   paginates
truth:  pulls   queues

test:  make sure the qapplication catalog is not set .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  load   tag
truth:  load   gettext

test:  prints unified text .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  return the current time in number of seconds since the epoch will be deleted .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  create   childnodes
truth:  create   timestamp

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   docstrings

test:  make sure the thing value exists .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  mount a partition to a file .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   forgets
truth:  mount   filesystem

test:  returns a string representing the given exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list by name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  check if a file can be handled .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  adds a public plugin class to be an existing parser .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the url to be sent with cookie details .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  request   access
truth:  request   url

test:  determine if list is based on the unit segment .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse the options from a sequence and return a list of triples .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  expr   tz_localize
truth:  expr   seq

test:  creates the list of tokens .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transforms   accounted
truth:  transforms   sign

test:  create a new cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   computes
truth:  create   cell

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  get a security group from a security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  given a course id and thread id delete to thread thread ajax only .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  docstring for install_scipy .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  split a collection of tuples into chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   falls
truth:  yield   max_rows

test:  update a new draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   expands
truth:  sync   draft

test:  given a url remove the tornado and the authentication part .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   access
truth:  put   url

test:  this function returns password to use for password file .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypt   labeled
truth:  encrypt   file

test:  training controller - used for access to command .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   extract
truth:  training   version

test:  add vehicle command to yaw .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  check that the operation set correctly converts input to a set of label .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  ensure   break
truth:  ensure   operations

test:  send a message to a message .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   unload
truth:  send   client

test:  helper to verify that the user can do this is configurable .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   unescapes
truth:  checks   rule

test:  record ownership meta-fields .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  customize   plan
truth:  customize   profile

test:  redirects to the location using http location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  generate and type change sqlalchemy value .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  extract metadata from the provided stream .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   allocate
truth:  extract   user

test:  decorator for marking evironment dependent filters .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  modify all course fields of the course to a particular course .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  works   overlay
truth:  works   func

test:  test reset ip address dimension .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  reset   makes
truth:  reset   namespaces

test:  return a wsgi application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   roundrobin
truth:  creates   application

test:  calculate the transformation matrix .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   outset
truth:  train   classifier

test:  send a message to proposal .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  return list of users with any admin users removed .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  find and return a vm by the id .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url string .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  unquoting   reported
truth:  unquoting   function

test:  a fast signal to send them if the users have changed .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  data from public_key .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  computes   restoring
truth:  computes   data

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the element with css_selector selector .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  add rack holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  attempt to validate the maximum number of occurrences of algorithms .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   carve
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  perform a threshold 4-d transform .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  applies   rrmgr
truth:  applies   threshold

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   pick
truth:  get   callback

test:  create a new permission grant and add it to the provided role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   wrapped
truth:  create   permission

test:  flatten a dict converts a single level dictionary to a single level dict .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a timedelta timedelta to make it readable by the given timedelta .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   skipped
truth:  format   use

test:  yaml: timestamps adds the timestamps to the build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  pulls   exercise
truth:  pulls   timestamps

test:  returns a list of functions .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   publish
truth:  load   graph

test:  returns a list of language bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   languages

test:  run a test and return its results .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  convenience function to return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read visualization visualization data map file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  read   forwards
truth:  read   image

test:  create a "add object from the default txt name .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  returns   yamlify
truth:  returns   rrset

test:  makes fasta file from cluster for cluster against cluster .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  test if typing pick work in the same .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  restful controller for option lookups .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  returns a dictionary that is time in the test spec .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  run a wnb server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return a path to an absolute path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  this is called just returns the server .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a string with correct encoding .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  set the jinja module for workers .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  create   masks
truth:  create   jinja2

test:  log an iterator on a log space .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  server   decorating
truth:  server   log

test:  searches for a message id to get a mapping of date .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  extract the facebook invite graph for first invite to version .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sending   pulls
truth:  sending   null

test:  get the default domain object .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   enhanced
truth:  gets   object

test:  helper function to print a list of all virtual nodes .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  rename a certain document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   pass
truth:  rename   document

test:  coerce value to a time .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  convert string into a flags .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   translates
truth:  convert   flags

test:  load coverage values from a single coverage .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  connect two protocols using protocol instances .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return the sorted user object if it exists .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  get the complex matrix .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  encode a line transform .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return an iterator of length n from seq .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  update pending status .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   pass
truth:  update   document

test:  validate a closed instance .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   restoring
truth:  validate   data

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  returns all edge centrality for a given set of targets .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  run a centimeters command .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  loads the return data from all returners .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   caused
truth:  write   return

test:  checks if an object is a known known type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  update   joins
truth:  update   cluster

test:  recursively resolve v .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  converts a path name from an absolute path to a dotted path notation .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   flip
truth:  replace   python

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  coerce value to a bool value .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  setup the firetv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   m
truth:  setup   tv

test:  register a colormap some colormap functions .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  add   gather
truth:  add   colormap

test:  plots a heatmap of time series .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  updates the cache of rabbitmq callables .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  generate arma impulse process of a matrix parameters ar : array_like probabilities or array_like autoregressive lag-polynomial with leading 1 .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  return a valid topic validate validate .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  tracker track turn off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  called   rising
truth:  called   group

test:  test setting up volume source spaces .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   singular
truth:  test   volumes

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an array of masked values .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  masked   confirmed
truth:  masked   length

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   waveform
truth:  print   products

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  get authentication token .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the main representation of provided interface .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   overlay

test:  converts s to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  return a string wrapped in color ansi escape .
truth: string in color . 
test:  string   detects
truth:  string   color

test:  generate a timestamp in the database by type .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  attempt to decode streams using a little diff .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  get version from revno .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  fixture to load httpbin error message .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  like   unlinks
truth:  like   fixture

test:  set the meeting api functions .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   consisting
truth:  log   link

test:  return true if object is an instance of the given class .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine if a distribution is an ubuntu distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  reads an individual binary representation of a binary interface .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  check the bower signal cli example: .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  convert integer to an int .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  compute the number of roots of a univariate polynomial .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test searching for a wheels .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parses a label field instance .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   enter
truth:  unregister   serializer

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   insures
truth:  set   projections

test:  coerce value to a transform .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   labels
truth:  default   transform

test:  write a palmdoc operator to a file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  unsubscribe a list of tuples .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   switch
truth:  unsubscribe   list

test:  return the rich-club point of g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   grant
truth:  returns   power

test:  download translations from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   b1
truth:  download   translations

test:  return all ips for a given linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros and values .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  display box by html .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  finds an optional restart of parent directories for a given path .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return the year for the given locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   canonicalize
truth:  get   unicode

test:  return an sqlalchemy about all activities about group_id for a given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  execute execute tasks and time tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  starts   shift
truth:  starts   tasks

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  orders   allocate
truth:  orders   user

test:  add the working-ness info in the mean .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  accept   bench
truth:  accept   value

test:  stored an oauth oauth client id .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  initializes   search
truth:  initializes   d

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the parent class to function to query from the dictionary passed as the withparent .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  generates a flat model for a list of fields .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  builds   access
truth:  builds   url

test:  extract lines from the first id and return them .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  list all agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  the binary image .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  serialize a transform transform into a list of numbers .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  reserializes   restoring
truth:  reserializes   data

test:  this module importer using user-defined module types .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for continuous variables parameters using method moving average .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  reverse of code .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  default handler for quoting locale .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  were   pulls
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  allow   usage_key_string
truth:  allow   view

test:  no-param -> return true if the line is blank or false .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  elb restful crud process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  some extra install dependencies of file paths from a package using pip install .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  upgrade   labeled
truth:  upgrade   file

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   retry
truth:  create   subnet

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  create recursively my a file .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  set   separated
truth:  set   aes

test:  a context manager to temporarily replace the printed state .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   batch
truth:  patch   code

test:  interpolate -> digit return a list of length n .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  draws   contructs
truth:  draws   sample

test:  returns the length of a string .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  processing   freeze
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  validate the window by index idx and the registry .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  see if the device can be read .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   expect
truth:  return   body

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  check   assign
truth:  check   requests

test:  emulate sqlobjects of a string .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  sum   estimates
truth:  sum   squares

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using the aes with the given key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   restoring
truth:  decrypt   data

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  get   stopped
truth:  get   statistics

test:  return a elastic identity instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  declaration_specifiers : type_specifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: empty : . 
test:  empty   pulls
truth:  empty   null

test:  build a simple network of graph containing all of tags .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  construct   publish
truth:  construct   graph

test:  assert that all arrays of an int are finite .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  throw   expr
truth:  throw   valueerror

test:  turn any comma separated string to unquoted .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   shared
truth:  remove   string

test:  given a course instance .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  process errors from a dict of : errors .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  calls another decorator .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  function   relies
truth:  function   logic

test:  concatenates a buffer and return a valid identifier .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  send   fixes
truth:  send   manager

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  add the given fake facilities .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  parse data .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  startup   lstrip
truth:  startup   set

test:  get segment loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   kill
truth:  given   datasource

test:  get all values in a database .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  test   parameterize
truth:  test   integers

test:  determine if a point is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  get file encoding from the create_html file .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  try   unifies
truth:  try   encoding

test:  get current hardware clock setting .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  determine   imageidfield
truth:  determine   debugging

test:  gets a datastore field for a given field type .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   shut
truth:  returns   checker

test:  gets the named ports ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   ports

test:  call len() definition with a tree .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   downgrades
truth:  remove   point

test:  get the current time of a remote package .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  gets a comment and the given request and comment_id .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  retrieve   iterates
truth:  retrieve   comment

test:  migrate database to the latest version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  mock response for getting a http response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  decode string in the series/index using indicated encoding .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function takes a sibling of headers .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  lookup and return urls for the given key .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  sends conference notification to conference .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  parameters _type : symbolic sequence of functions to send the baseline parameters .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   print

test:  helper function to redirect global output from the pool .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  redirects   feeds
truth:  redirects   stderr

test:  checks if dipy is not found .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test whether the performance of assumptions are both in upper .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  attempt to get a specific maintenance state for a given database .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   reencrypt
truth:  get   start

test:  create the file contents .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  check if the given key has the same name as is present in use .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  convert tokens back to strings .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether or not the email address is a user .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  returns the version of the current git version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  browse path with symbolic matched destdir .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  open   equate
truth:  open   browser

test:  return whether the release is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  convert a textile and input head to offset .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  function   offset
truth:  function   parameters

test:  projects a normal operator by dividing .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   responds
truth:  queries   database

test:  attempts to find bc in a given file .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the page with an timeout on a multiplier .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  obtain the home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  named   usage_key_string
truth:  named   view

test:  return a testsuite for the given unittest .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  visit   carry
truth:  visit   test

test:  return a list of absolute modules and video to the gunicorn .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  this calls the windows regqueryvalueex function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   calculate
truth:  calls   windows

test:  returns the path to the built-in testfile .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  perform morphological nl of two numpy arrays .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize an http representation of datetime .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   encapsulate
truth:  serialize   instance

test:  tests retrieving a search .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   dos
truth:  tests   search

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  rendering   regroups
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network to a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   clones
truth:  reset   server

test:  generate an identify string for use in testing .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  turn   shared
truth:  turn   string

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  ensure   reuse
truth:  ensure   endpoints

test:  return the list of all known directories under which the given themes .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  returns the timezone in the current context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  stores   stores
truth:  stores   name

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   carves
truth:  creates   constraint

test:  create a new user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  somebody disconnected from a home page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   share
truth:  connected   homepage

test:  check whether two nodes are isomorphic properly isomorphic .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  determines   joins
truth:  determines   cluster

test:  download a zip file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   identifies
truth:  download   plugin

test:  commit a repository .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  create   disappear
truth:  create   commit

test:  tests whether default record is a tracked .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  return boolean .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  get all roles in a database .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  make a command with an argument .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  test string_ of forward data .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  upgrade entry point within times .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  migrate   restoring
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get hostname from a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  creates a standard maxima of a proportion .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  returns the k induced by nodes passing crust .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   initalize
truth:  return   k

test:  serialize python object into a dictionary .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   enhanced
truth:  serialize   object

test:  return true if and only if we have a wcs image .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the ignoring defined in the ipython .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  create a document by loading the current server-side document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   command
truth:  create   session

test:  lettuce can .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  default   turn
truth:  default   case

test:  gets the sid from the specified security group name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  test that a certain keys have the same keys as closing but does not exist in the context .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  modify   unquoting
truth:  modify   environment

test:  using the streaming api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  sample   supplied
truth:  sample   api

test:  convert the value of the better kodi value into a set of parallel .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  fixing polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  sets the security groups for a given apiid .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modifies   inits
truth:  modifies   security

test:  moves one .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  prints   wake
truth:  prints   msg

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   extract
truth:  removes   version

test:  user-input any object into the database .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   supplied
truth:  replace   api

test:  return true if bmonthend(1) ends with profile permissions .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  downloads a dictionary mapping downloader components .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  splits a datastore path into a filesystem path .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  constructs   define
truth:  constructs   path

test:  converts depth into a 2-d array with normalization this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a vector returns: 2 .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  restores a new db .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  stores binary file content to output .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  compute the linear group of one or more images .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   transliterate
truth:  compute   variable

test:  check for existence of a single character .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  truncates the mouse event .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  select   pick
truth:  select   callback

test:  deletes a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wait for a vm to return .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  assert needles app for all needles app .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   corrupts
truth:  assert   terms

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a window with a simple hamming window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns either the common case or none if path is an insane page .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  resolves   define
truth:  resolves   path

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   binhexed
truth:  execute   tests

test:  update a certificate for a given certificate .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  get the cloudwatchevents and partial cloudwatchevents .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  returns a list of courses courses by their announcement .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sorts   disconnect
truth:  sorts   courses

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  pulls   corresponding
truth:  pulls   wheel

test:  return the chain of a chain .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   proposed
truth:  updates   chain

test:  decorator to locked a shorter volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  lock   break
truth:  lock   operations

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  cancels   pulls
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts label to mpls label .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   inhibit
truth:  converts   label

test:  parse an xml file into a missing xml .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  test   handling

test:  verify pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   deserializes
truth:  check   pyenv

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  returns a search dict with information about a collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  returns the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  suspend   vms
truth:  suspend   thread

test:  display standard or sort a standard error message .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  returns the powerlaw sequence .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returned
truth:  returns   numbers

test:  check if the line numbers of each line .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   small_stmts
truth:  checks   line

test:  returns a os x converting view of information about either a resource_view or a bunch of date strings .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  parse   pair

test:  sets the numba accuracy .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  alter   pings
truth:  alter   behavior

test:  get the system command list for the project .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  paging request type paging section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   alignment
truth:  paging   section

test:  perform the covariance m step for mstep cases .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  common code for getting the api url .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update srcpath from srcpath xml .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  list the current startup disks .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  push a topic .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   stops
truth:  create   topic

test:  generates a cache instance for a property key this generates a set of entities .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  xor   currents
truth:  xor   state

test:  get marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  returns an array of zero length 1 and type .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   destroy
truth:  given   dtype

test:  get media service descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  get   locator

test:  parse the expression to a python int .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  returns   preserve
truth:  returns   int

test:  encode a list .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   export
truth:  encode   tuple

test:  parse the virtual machines instance into an object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  print   update
truth:  print   knowledge

test:  find the size of a given path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  function to convert float to rational .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   making
truth:  converts   float

test:  a 307 temporary redirect redirect .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  pulls   asserting
truth:  pulls   redirect

test:  rest controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano iterable with the same results .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  count the index of the elements of two numpy labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  converts   parameter

test:  downloads a url to progress for a given length .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  reverse formal absolute user by x**s .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   limiting
truth:  reverse   order

test:  select abund_mtx file path from path and return none if it is none .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  transforms an iterable into a set of dictionaries .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  turns   restrict
truth:  turns   array

test:  return the given template language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   pulls
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  add a aware datetime .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  initialize a single module while setting the same directory as the calling module .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  provide   pings
truth:  provide   behavior

test:  get md5 hash of the string .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   trying
truth:  md5sum   basestring

test:  print a single transaction .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  marks the error qt as validation .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  prefix   randomise
truth:  prefix   message

test:  we ignore the gae functions .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  runs recorded events as a space .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  pulls   polishing
truth:  pulls   celery

test:  helper for present .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   labeled
truth:  add   file

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  signal that a private key is present on the local machine .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  manage   wheter
truth:  manage   existence

test:  deactivate students certificates for a user .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  regenerate   allocate
truth:  regenerate   user

test:  return the filename of a package resources .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  pulls   smooth
truth:  pulls   vector

test:  populate dict with tags read from the given row and unsupported the resulting keys .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   highlight
truth:  populate   row

test:  write a table as a normal fixed width table .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  concatenate a tensor into a collection .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   blocking
truth:  merge   outputs

test:  extract the allowed settings from the settings and add its properties .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this function provides the end date and fetches the user errors .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable and contains an iterable object .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  recursively collects all files in a folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  compute gradient for dictionary using performance cost .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  field_seq : function sep enum_seq | function .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove all patches last modified event .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   fitnesse
truth:  clears   events

test:  write a table that only populate a file with no 'str' .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  takes markdown style description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  setup the provied handler .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   emit
truth:  setup   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  generate a set of csv fields for a series of value .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  figure   review
truth:  figure   keys

test:  use this decorator to escape special characters .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   flashes
truth:  replaces   characters

test:  modify all overrides for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   tile
truth:  remove   information

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  turn a rule into a tree of expressions .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   put
truth:  compose   rules

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  callback function for tests .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  search the specified domains domain .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get numbers in order to sort v1 mode .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  diff   skip
truth:  diff   difference

test:  returns a path to the absolute .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  input   encapsulate
truth:  input   instance

test:  start debugging from a module .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns a service instance .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  ignore   turn
truth:  ignore   case

test:  cleanup all the figures and everything that arent found .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   forced
truth:  cleanup   artifacts

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  selected a remote server using remote server .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  transfer   pulls
truth:  transfer   null

test:  like url .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  get the id and id of an object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the next series is farther than three every series in the mean .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  checks if children consists works on default parameters .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   popup
truth:  test   effects

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  convert an object into an integer .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  given a currency string as set of currency formatting .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  adds   duplicates
truth:  adds   symbol

test:  returns a list of all available calculators .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  change the value of the first mandatory to the user .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   listen
truth:  deletes   key

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  url   overlap
truth:  url   encode

test:  check that the gcrs functions can accept distance between coordinate coordinates and see if the right distance .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  cms controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  construct an argument from the package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   compresses
truth:  return   statement

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  sorts a class with a metaclass .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  monkeypatch   walks
truth:  monkeypatch   metaclass

test:  copy data and all stat info .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  flatten a single applications .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   mutes
truth:  convert   app

test:  return all lines in a docstring .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  fill   reported
truth:  fill   function

test:  return the configured config file root .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   sql

test:  try to apply an http server .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  creates a new context with the given context .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  check download_dir for incomplete file .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  split query ids into the database ids .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   dos
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file using cpp .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  retrieve the state data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   restoring
truth:  retrieve   data

test:  get the destination number of available adapter for forward destination .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  list   undoes
truth:  list   routes

test:  return an array of weighted percentile of a list of weighted coordinates .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   applies
truth:  compute   percentile

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   clones
truth:  initialize   server

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read 32bit integer from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   cleaning
truth:  read   matrix

test:  run before displaying the next code runs .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  executed   batch
truth:  executed   code

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the gauss-hermite quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   pushing
truth:  load   model

test:  decorate a function with given arguments .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  bind   instantiate
truth:  bind   arguments

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  replaces each line of the given optino and return a garbage garbage class .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps a descriptor .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  return the path of the job id .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  starting   pulls
truth:  starting   null

test:  the constructor for the pathname of a test file .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  return a tree containing absolute path relative to the tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  transforms a dictionary of two or more dictionaries .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   pair
truth:  transforms   photo

test:  get a filter to check if a group snapshot is being created from a cg group .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   hits
truth:  get   filter

test:  return the full list of active certificates cli example: .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  client api to retrieve information from a specific user .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  iterate   emit
truth:  iterate   access

test:  converts a frag_index .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   clusters
truth:  convert   camel

test:  function to decide if two bivariate objects are more than the given meth .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test getting completion for a bash shell .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  test   bash

test:  test that the javascript of english forked and the black files .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  decorator that only works if required :return: true if the function is run .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  pulls   share
truth:  pulls   homepage

test:  returns a dictionary product of merging the default value and the default value .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  scrub all parameters from the api key .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  yaml: validating a string parameter requires the jenkins providing a string build .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  evaluates a loop on a loop .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  transfer two consecutive events to insert "truth" .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  transfer   reallocation
truth:  transfer   collection

test:  returns the number of unselected facet items from the given type .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  unassign a machine .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  return v1 == v2 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  correlation   host
truth:  correlation   numpy

test:  performs a jwplayer search on the given vm .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   clones
truth:  searches   server

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a llvm constant representing a dataset_id of the given beautifulsoup .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   restrict
truth:  create   array

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   converted
truth:  define   block

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  returns the power of a matrix whose gradient are equal .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  raise   cleaning
truth:  raise   matrix

test:  convert aware :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  set   suggests
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for speed .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  expand a path to a windows path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  provides   define
truth:  provides   path

test:  tests that the creation of a earningsestimatesloader document .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  dedent   pulls
truth:  dedent   null

test:  return a file path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  resolve   hanging
truth:  resolve   variables

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  reset the cached language .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   changes
truth:  reset   languages

test:  given a list .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   substitute
truth:  parse   records

test:  return true if the given error consists is a astroid error .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  check   venonats
truth:  check   try

test:  the unification succeeds iff other_object in orv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get attribute of a collection .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  returns a dictionary mapping keys .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  run content on a given content .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  wrapper around on_key_press .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  removes fs files .
truth: many builds . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates a global connection instance .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   responds
truth:  creates   database

test:  generate filters for termination filters .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  check that the named value is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  disable   unmask
truth:  disable   profiles

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  decorator to make sure a function is called in a thing .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the min cost of a network .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   flow

test:  create the full theme inheritance .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  extends over messages .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the owning text .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  returns a list of human-readable options which can be converted to a particular bit option .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   capa
truth:  get   circle

test:  log a message usage:: log log the info usage:: log the message usage:: log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  return all available boot services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  add system users .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  add   fixes
truth:  add   manager

test:  extract the version from the ith binary representation .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   been
truth:  extracts   format

test:  run a bare application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns whether the user is authenticated' to enable a authenticated' session .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs to fasta file .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   learns
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the configuration options passed in systems .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a list of the names of all plugins that are enabled for the user .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that bucket names are created correctly .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  adds or error message .
truth: compress json . 
test:  compress   aliased
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily add modules to sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  make   inputhook
truth:  make   sys

test:  create srt .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  account   activate
truth:  account   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  use netmiko to execute show arp on pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns a mapping of child dependencies to other nodes .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  pulls   mocks
truth:  pulls   scores

test:  default function to get information on a resource .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  checks the length hint of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  cycle through the state of the vmx .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return the extension of the given ext .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  reverse a order of lists .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   validating
truth:  reverse   clause

test:  adds an answer to the answer log for the given answer .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   pulls
truth:  resolves   null

test:  lowest moving average .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  correlation   adds
truth:  correlation   r

test:  turn on stderrimport and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  stops the specified service .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  modify all published values of ccx courses so that they have the course will come out of the course is not already assigned to a course .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   unsqueeze
truth:  verifies   fixtures

test:  return true if the object is an instance of type .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  process a number of files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   automate
truth:  process   traffic

test:  gets url of django .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the compiled list of filters filters .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  checks for duplicates of same sample ids .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  flags   pulls
truth:  flags   null

test:  it only creates an referenceable file .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  clone a configuration file into a url .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  use netmiko to main errors .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  given a valid subnet or list of tags .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  parse and return request meta .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  try   knapsack
truth:  try   request

test:  read text table designed for humans and normal numbers .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  fixed   bounds
truth:  fixed   table

test:  compute dot product between two variables: batched_dot[i] = tanh(x) .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  get the list of users that are in the intersection .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  create a task instance for use in configuring make .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   hits
truth:  create   filter

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  merge one or more includes a single file in the form of: .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  prompt the user to provide a dictionary of variables .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  joins a list of strings and return a header .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  an exception thrown should not complete .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   constrain
truth:  ensure   attribute

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in savez .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   attributes
truth:  saves   arrays

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   ellipsoid
truth:  remove   pool

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse lists info returned by pci into a dict .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   populating
truth:  parse   info

test:  restores the notifications configuration from the pastedeploy config .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  simple greeting matrix to compute the x**n equation with singular values .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require the templates/project0/ translation project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   forgot
truth:  project   project

test:  function to ensure that set parameters passed to string .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  validate the module .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  return an crop crop of the received tool shed == a filter that are either --private-key-outfile dependencies and its functional functional all tool shed to see also be read values
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the current python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  returns a string specifying the bundled version of pip .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that exception is raised when an exception occurs .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  ensure that the provided files start with the provided name .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  verify   list

test:  show use youtube message video by charts .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   resultant
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a connected graph using the given undirected .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  return data passed through butterworth filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   acquiring
truth:  return   bessel

test:  returns the port number for an address .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  parse   preloading
truth:  parse   host

test:  convert any arguments and receive them into a url .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  have   limiting
truth:  have   order

test:  change the root directory of this directory .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  callback invoked when a non-false flag is either an exception or has been committed .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check matrix color on the form: dim .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of icon summary for an exploration and the exploration ids .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   coordinates
truth:  given   exploration

test:  check if the object has staff and has staff access to the staff preview .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  returns   staff

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  python version of k[x] .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  import   batch
truth:  import   code

test:  execute a web service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  compute the predict using the specified c{nodeid} .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  take a python index or index .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with ok=false .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  decorator to mark a function or method in a review review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  get a list of known tags for a group .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  extract   drawing
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  create a zfs storagepool .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return an unordered repr value for a flag buffer .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   chown
truth:  return   loop

test:  parameters sequence that has any other folders found in the most recent tee split .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  map   reveal
truth:  map   sequence

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  repeatedly accept a directory tree .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  emulate the deployment parameters .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attempts to guess if a file is a file containing a python source file into a file into a directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  custom filtercomments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup bench for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  add   list

test:  test reading and transform of trans files .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unserialize functions of extra data .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the filter to store the generated by the modal-workflow .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   xfail
truth:  return   help

test:  like np .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  allocate   reconstructs
truth:  allocate   ndarray

test:  save the task definition and saves it to the task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a vastly simplified ssl wrapping function .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate should result for the given addon .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  returns a list of users that belong to a particular user .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  returns true if f is a newline of f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   pulls
truth:  align   null

test:  delete the specified tags from an elb .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  add   drawing
truth:  add   tags

test:  create a unittest widget .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get all agent build .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  get   agent

test:  check if the input dictionary is nofollow .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  generate extensions extensions for patching file .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  link to a valid issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  do some math of the hubble method .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  database that stop/start does not raise an exception .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  calls both the _fontconfig and _ignore_keys .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   assign
truth:  load   requests

test:  create keyring for the specified service cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  retrieves url for a str .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  creates an instance spec for the given spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  add a cache-control header into a response object .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  does a single node callback callback to determine if a node node is eligible .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  check   looping
truth:  check   node

test:  returns a dictionary mapping information about the xblocks info about the given course content usage .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempts to locate a ca ca certs from the device .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compute install gamma between distributions and distances .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   logs
truth:  find   vertices

test:  converts a posix timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create a fixed ip from a values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   containing
truth:  create   ip

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  return gradient of the least-squares cost function .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   pulls
truth:  scale   null

test:  generate a random string with allchars and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   preprocessing
truth:  generate   char

test:  compute the sample cartesian element .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  samples   reported
truth:  samples   function

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   pts
truth:  sends   rpc

test:  makes eager for missing on target .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attempt to remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  decorate a mapping from a numtips .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  function   sparks
truth:  function   number

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  set the global sql server .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  a context manager to temporarily disable a threadsafe threadsafe threadsafe .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   phred
truth:  clear   caches

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  little little function that is a little unit .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  pulls   assigned
truth:  pulls   room

test:  verify that the stack is initialized by the stack is not none .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   switch
truth:  stack   list

test:  test for image parameters im : file .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  showing   forwards
truth:  showing   image

test:  validates that a kruskal-wallis of integers are valid .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  validate   parameter

test:  calculate threshold value for a binary image .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   rrmgr
truth:  return   threshold

test:  initialize a simple command line .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  print   preload
truth:  print   content

test:  decorator to mark a method or method authentication .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  make   float
truth:  make   decorator

test:  convert an api query string into a sample entry .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  a helper for the genelatex body of standard breqn .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  generate   pass
truth:  generate   document

test:  make sure cookies are changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   fileformat
truth:  test   self

test:  used as a simp .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  takes   corrupts
truth:  takes   terms

test:  helper function for raising a predicate function for a vbl call .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cast the given string to an input string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   modified
truth:  return   lowercase

test:  verifies that the x509 key exists on the certificate .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  validate   gunzip
truth:  validate   certificates

test:  disconnect host to put a host or list of host_names .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   grouping
truth:  disconnect   system

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type in the db .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  update a protected record .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  walks the workflow into the appropriate objects for object .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   increase
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  turn an executable sources into a list of tuples and ids into a list of tuples .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  accepts   svn
truth:  accepts   dicts

test:  internal helper to fit model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  initialize the spider logger .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  logs   reported
truth:  logs   function

test:  reconstruct skeleton from benchmark .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reconstruct   bench
truth:  reconstruct   value

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  sets up the root app .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  point   extension

test:  retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  converts a string to a date .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  decorator for skipping dynamic driver if it not available .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  ensure   trending
truth:  ensure   driver

test:  gets the host http request http requests for use with the given transport .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   overrides
truth:  creates   channel

test:  returns the wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  run js tests in seen_ts .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   files
truth:  run   check

test:  returns the default help help command for each user .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  apply   xfail
truth:  apply   help

test:  clone the disk profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  gather   plan
truth:  gather   profile

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert a file path to a relative file system path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  test installing from a non-editable extras for pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  sets the suspend state of the current thread .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  performs a string containing the regex in a bottom_up fashion .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure that the test exception is raised when the process fails to set up .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  returns the effects of a sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  given   popup
truth:  given   effects

test:  like invited but returns none if an user has no invited .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return the hex colors .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  shorten   dump
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | integer | integer | boolconstant | minus | integer | const_ref .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   round
truth:  computes   polynomials

test:  escape any data structures .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   gauss
truth:  escapes   strings

test:  return the cumulative product of central elements given the central matrix .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   rescanning
truth:  return   weights

test:  deprecated use a convenience method to create a collection .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with aes secret key to secret .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  only work on moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  plot the linear month plot .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  returns the calculated error file .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  get the initial state of an initial layer .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  wrap   transliterate
truth:  wrap   variable

test:  show the number of master strings for this module .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  create the contents of a given dir .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  creates a modelformset for the given model .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  convert a string to a kernel object .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  attempt   shared
truth:  attempt   string

test:  collects students videos from available transcripts .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   documents
truth:  replaces   transcripts

test:  take an url path to local url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  clears globally installed manager .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   synchronizes
truth:  clear   callbacks

test:  destroy the given cred_name .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  marks   pulls
truth:  marks   null

test:  replaces space character ( .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replaces   utf-8
truth:  replaces   argument

test:  convert a string to a bitlist .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  transform   shared
truth:  transform   string

test:  set predefined calls of a calls .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  makes   extract
truth:  makes   version

test:  shift_expression : conditional_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a software object containing indexing letters from letters .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  format a list of lists into a new axis .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert integer to numeric zone .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of the names of c{d} .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  maintain   switch
truth:  maintain   list

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  validate the context associated with settings .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  checks   lambda
truth:  checks   django

test:  output the specified output of all prettify index in the given index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   emits
truth:  formats   definition

test:  initiate a redirects request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   knapsack
truth:  initiate   request

test:  edit media form .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   slave_open
truth:  edit   media

test:  computes the squared corresponding substitution of a tensor parameters x : theano variable holding a theano vector or tensor .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   assuming
truth:  computes   norm

test:  validates a task by type .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  terminate   requesting
truth:  terminate   i

test:  converts an mrl argument into a class instance .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  allows a python vendor to be a entire bug in an bug that is only allow you to read the prototype on the examine length .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  pulls   left
truth:  pulls   bug

test:  returns the number of bytes required to represent a number .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return an expression containing all possible functions in x .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  ensures that for exploration images for a given exploration and version .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  executes   exposes
truth:  executes   values

test:  apply all standard deviation cost .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  resolve an address to a binary buffer .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolves   stores
truth:  resolves   name

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  aux function .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  compute   permutates
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  tell whether the first kind of an operator is odd .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   sends
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password on a user cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  reset   reduced
truth:  reset   cli

test:  returns a list of paths in the system tree .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  finds   ip
truth:  finds   paths

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   prefilled
truth:  add   hosts

test:  lookup password page via password .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content parents .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  an arbitrary object to check if i is a resource which encodes the corresponding code .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   intended
truth:  index   letter

test:  registers the registry at the given index .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  enable   r^2
truth:  enable   form

test:  encodes a utf-8 string to utf-8 encoded strings .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  pulls   picks
truth:  pulls   reason

test:  returns the clique complement of g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  find   direct
truth:  find   clique

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   querying
truth:  callback   actions

test:  yaml: bitbucket use when bitbucket is a job when bitbucket is pushed .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a dict to a tupleize .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  convert   forbid
truth:  convert   options

test:  get the inset points of the inset loops inside the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  compresses form .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   r^2
truth:  save   form

test:  reads a sound pcfg file and returns a list of production objects .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   meet
truth:  test   legend

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return information about a particular lvm device cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  test happy .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the prefix in degrees that is allowed to 2 .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  busy busy mode on the system .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  generic get an integer in type of preferential .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  fetches a list of available zones for a tenant cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the key id for the given key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  requires that the user *not* be logged in .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get list of all modules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  inclusion_one_param_from_template test of a single tolerance .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  fix a csr 2) symbol .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   sleep
truth:  validate   files

test:  fixture providing a fake stub for win_id service .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  test %reset magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   consists
truth:  test   reset

test:  patch a windows .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  show the current gdb cluster in the current transaction .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check to make sure the free segments do not use the jenkins process .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  get the offset a string containing the provided map .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  return a poem 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  test of flaskgroup .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  checks if dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   cause
truth:  check   option

test:  escape string for inclusion in rfc quote .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  return the file of a symlink .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  delete a given api key .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  it can run all apps with --tags .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  convert value .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  rounding   gauss
truth:  rounding   strings

test:  use this to write an object to a file upload the bucket class to an object .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the windows player object .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   imsave
truth:  run   profiler

test:  makes a template for a resource .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  removes a record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   clip
truth:  remove   record

test:  looks up the "where module in found .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  recursively iterate over each serializer in the remap .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  give   generate
truth:  give   users

test:  clean global state of the runtime test .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   currents
truth:  resets   state

test:  decorator to make sure that a global user is logged in staff mode .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  remove   randomise
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if http headers is websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  determine   lstrip
truth:  determine   set

test:  represent all base directories .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   sleep
truth:  print   files

test:  this is called from the package entry point .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  run   mutes
truth:  run   app

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   restores
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns mobile arguments for run locally .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  returns a functionloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  this function is called by the minion .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  this is a hack .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper function for checking if the given patterns are set or not .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  take a string and expand windows components based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  update a user in the given library .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   allocate
truth:  update   user

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  compute the nth polynomial of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  construct   indicate
truth:  construct   polynomial

test:  test that the version of apps is set and has test stored .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  create a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  activate   initializing
truth:  activate   trigger

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  automatically add a user groups to an groups of any default users .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   decide
truth:  add   groups

test:  retrieve user dict from provided user_ids or username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  make sure that matches the linux column of zp .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  get   export
truth:  get   tuple

test:  integrate plugins to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   colorized
truth:  integrate   context

test:  returns a random integer .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  creates a temporary file that is called from the process .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  works   pulls
truth:  works   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   undeploy
truth:  computes   prs

test:  retry calling func using http server .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the fully qualified socket object .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the hardware architecture of the currently active os .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  convert a numpy option to a fits record dtype .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   simulate
truth:  convert   spec

test:  decorates a function to handle restful http entities .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  if there is a remains of a csr or indices .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  checks   were
truth:  checks   property

test:  builds spec for the virtual vm create or depend disk create the dummy disk spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   hostname
truth:  builds   vm

test:  returns an escaped error string .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  simulate   flip
truth:  simulate   python

test:  modifies a view function by setting a csrf view function from a csrf view .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  convert a pd .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  a: a system copy of a bcpy given a bcpy b .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   collecting
truth:  copy   b

test:  parse a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculate   tell
truth:  calculate   signature

test:  returns the maximum of an array along the given axis .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  return the username for a specific user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  handle both the search system and their results .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  makes   pts
truth:  makes   rpc

test:  returns a generator for two things .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadata-schema namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   guessing
truth:  create   namespace

test:  list comments by requests to access a resource - used by cms .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  a view that takes a list of stuff for an in-process response .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  parses a string from a list of steps into a python object .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   unroll
truth:  parse   steps

test:  make a file with his .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   killed
truth:  draws   network

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  converts data to a string .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  decorator to ensure the underlying argument passed to the execution of the connection .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  get all published directories on windows .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   multistringwidget
truth:  return   win32

test:  this function makes a performance function until it returns true or the system threads .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  batch   deregister
truth:  batch   jobs

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary matrices along an axis .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   labels
truth:  return   transform

test:  downloads a file .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   access
truth:  downloads   url

test:  email to notify a single recipients emails from the users recipients .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  set the installer thread info return true .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   given
truth:  set   register

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   fitnesse
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs summary of 3 .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  return: document generator for .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   pulls
truth:  walk   null

test:  returns the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  test get_version() when invalid naming .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  --help transaction based on a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   view
truth:  execute   q

test:  gets the md5 checksum of a song .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate and return a bytearray .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   hover
truth:  test   bytes

test:  status edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : rule field_req expr | rule | rule | rule | rule | rule | rule | rule lt rule | rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the canonical component of a component .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   msg
truth:  clean   component

test:  load and encodes the given beautifulsoup .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   review
truth:  encode   keys

test:  used to figure out the base url .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get a list of packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   simplifies
truth:  returns   packages

test:  create a console instance of a target .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  empty   suggest
truth:  empty   folder

test:  return callback function which needs to be used for the given function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  tests that the hash hashing method creates the hash editor .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  return a boolean indicating whether or not the replace py .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   inplace
truth:  convert   ovs

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse a string and return a document .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  create   loved
truth:  create   doc

test:  recursively collects a glob path .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  walk   resample
truth:  walk   directories

test:  test calc_footprint without distortion .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   smash
truth:  test   corner

test:  returns the value of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   preface
truth:  returns   degree

test:  run the registered feature functions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   gzipped
truth:  update   completion

test:  returns an attribute array .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  fixes   constrain
truth:  fixes   attribute

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  destroy the worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  parse a string and arguments from the given script .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  input   decorating
truth:  input   log

test:  generate a backend for externally stochastic .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert a list of file data into a list of .
truth: by default . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs an iterable of elements .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  disassociate the given security group from the instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  returns unique mac address as a string .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  returns a dict of : mappings for an entire scene .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   iuploader
truth:  reverse   lookup

test:  make a file into ast .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  see pull request get errors .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  capture   allocate
truth:  capture   user

test:  register a new output for a file .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  registers   override
truth:  registers   converter

test:  release an interface to a device .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   paging
truth:  release   interface

test:  ensure that a storage is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   negate
truth:  ensure   resource

test:  displays all registered action actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   querying
truth:  render   actions

test:  start the server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if the matrix g+c is related .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   matrix

test:  verifying the output with expected results for verifying correction with expected multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   flattens
truth:  verifying   output

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   contrasts
truth:  sign   digest

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is allowed in the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  a decorator that makes a function to async version .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  make sure that comment is still before exclude_names if both are specified .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  called prior to deploying the logging .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes string value to an base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  pickle   bench
truth:  pickle   value

test:  merge the data into a list of dicts .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  copy   svn
truth:  copy   dicts

test:  check if the object is a mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  check   profile
truth:  check   theme

test:  determine if the line number of tokens on a single line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write a message to the logs buffer .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   checking
truth:  adds   logs

test:  check if all the apps are available .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  cassandra cassandra if not exists in cassandra .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  check   sorting
truth:  check   keyspace

test:  reduce a value into a dictionary .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  reduces   exposes
truth:  reduces   values

test:  ensure default .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  returns a list of partitions from a partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  pulls   collects
truth:  pulls   count

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return the full path to the file in use .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  generate a short .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  utility function to get a color name .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  scans the figures event .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  test unique join inputs within a unique sum .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   input_string
truth:  test   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  accumulates pyramid unit .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  close all logs .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  closes   lets
truth:  closes   handler

test:  see get_jobs() for an entry .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  check that mysql exit code is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   fleiss
truth:  check   mysql

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  ensure we get compile invalid arguments .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   capturing
truth:  ensure   error

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  create an approximation to the ith interpolation function of x and y .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the mp binary classification .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   see
truth:  compute   factors

test:  return the current git config .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  based   pulls
truth:  based   null

test:  return the day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  run a integrations function of dictionary containing a port_eth equation .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   construct
truth:  solves   kind

test:  attempt to skills function rsa and return [lower .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  a decorator to output returned by the cached method .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  cache   forms
truth:  cache   result

test:  helper function to start a server:port server and return an instance of resources .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  ensure that the supplied model is supported .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get the float .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   from_value
truth:  get   cascade

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   mutes
truth:  return   app

test:  populating privileges to python interpreter .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   chown
truth:  loop   loop

test:  send an http request via an api .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  perform   jid

test:  try to open a template file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  require   bartels
truth:  require   contents

test:  return the maximum number of a string: in a string .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   formatted
truth:  computes   rate

test:  downgrade a v3 v3 table for pickling databases .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  list all virtual machines on nictag cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  efficiently multiply f by x**n in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   solving
truth:  evaluate   composition

test:  set the android .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  combine   unmask
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a path to a file: relative path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  updates the locate database cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  find the elements of a branch and truncate that can be fixed .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  turn a sympy query string into a tuple of the form each key and the query result .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  truncate by 1 .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns whether obj is a descriptor object .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  return a list of users as a list of users that contain a search for a particular user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new mountroot for a test case .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  returns imports .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  shortcut   permutes
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  creates a n-queens vector tensor from a 2-4 distribution .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  get partitions from a list of connectivity .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  specify   regroup
truth:  specify   subsets

test:  load an /af/tutorial/issue_2401 token from the garbled resource key .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  retrieves   enhanced
truth:  retrieves   object

test:  test updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   analyze
truth:  test   copy

test:  compose compose volume bindings for use in a single volume .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   autoreleased
truth:  creates   types

test:  read kit values from epochs file .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  adds a send flag email task into the task queue .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   coordinates
truth:  adds   exploration

test:  difference of similarity k = c .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  start a worker in /etc/hosts .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  return the product product of a numpy array .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  check if a contiguous structure is a valid itemsize of the nodes that can have a memlen structure .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   offset
truth:  verify   parameters

test:  check two lists of features agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   decoding
truth:  check   lists

test:  strip a regex .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  get a hosts string for a given host and port .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  strips   exposes
truth:  strips   values

test:  return the default locale name .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  default   raise
truth:  default   term

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  show a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   pulls
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  return a copy of the image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  walk though the directory .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  contructs the given node .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  gets the default thread deadline for current thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns the version of the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  decorator that only works if required :return: true if the function is run .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the current time in hours .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  retrieve   support
truth:  retrieve   time

test:  reindex a python hda of checking parameters obj : pandas .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  create a authentication digest .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to amazon walrus connection string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  send db create database .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   responds
truth:  send   database

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  get a list of available ssh metric definitions .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  this is called only when the server goes down due to a shutdown or reset .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   dos
truth:  return   search

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  remove a single sysctl parameter name the keyboard setting of the sysctl value to be installed on the keyboard .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the result of this runner from the given uuid .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  gets   understemmed
truth:  gets   results

test:  helper method to retrieve git config values .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   track
truth:  get   top

test:  list profiles for {}default policy : string username default_hidden : boolean hide default profiles cli example: .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   unmask
truth:  list   profiles

test:  list information about an installed postgresql user cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simple dict of lists .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  builds   teardown
truth:  builds   type

test:  encode a string using base64 with no trailing whitespace .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  attempt to execute docker prefix for docker .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   raising
truth:  prefix   docker

test:  return the file to get the current line .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a connection to an |re| function .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   spawns
truth:  wrap   endpoint

test:  convert list of native structure to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  lead field sums using legendre algorithm .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  pulls   waveform
truth:  pulls   products

test:  module posted view .
truth: module view . 
test:  module   usage_key_string
truth:  module   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  command   compose
truth:  command   usage

test:  wraps the entire 500 error request .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert f into int .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get an event instance .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  print the n-dimensional whitening components of a principal transform .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  integrate field to the given field in a in/out curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   small_stmts
truth:  compute   line

test:  search all matches in the string by the given pattern .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   shared
truth:  search   string

test:  enforce an array with the data values .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   restoring
truth:  trims   data

test:  find the score of the first root of the vm .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  computes the mean absolute error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  converts a hash digest string to a byte string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  display   temperature
truth:  display   date

test:  write a string to an mhtml table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   autoencoder
truth:  write   xml

test:  gets rid of posts .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   reported
truth:  checks   function

test:  delete one or more dictionaries .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  connect to network device by default .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  create a new relic cipher .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  const_value : const_value | dubconstant | const_list | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears a list of dag instances for a particular task .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   borrowed
truth:  remove   instances

test:  return fixturemarker if obj is a number .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  get   loved
truth:  get   doc

test:  coerce s to an ascii string .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  return a tuple of tuples .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  upload a file-like object to the local file upload .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  use the current username to get the current username .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  test installing from a package with a name .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  asynchronously retrieves one or more model indexes .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  test module .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   tear
truth:  test   module

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns an array containing the first ways that are flags as a list of int .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  limit node tag .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  get the current inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  download the given file to a given optimal file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  returns the maximum number of an lru .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  tests that we can train a unicode file using a train test .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  search controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - limited to just search_ac - used by site_contact_person() - used by skill .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a string version of the object .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove a block device mapping .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  send   reassemble
truth:  send   compute

test:  decorator to count calls to a function .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  add   reported
truth:  add   function

test:  return true if the named service is enabled to start on boot .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  helper: get a datetime object from a month number .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  parses a query .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  create a dictionary from a list of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   augments
truth:  convert   issues

test:  returns a list of context strings .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  multiply the transpose .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  applies   bench
truth:  applies   value

test:  iterate over all files in a directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  yield   prettyprint
truth:  yield   examples

test:  displays the collection of the current need to be used .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  create column for enum class .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  function   flattening
truth:  function   field

test:  decorator to decorate a function to be called when it is called .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  make   loved
truth:  make   doc

test:  splituser --> user[:passwd] .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the jwterror module to be used for testing .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   aliased
truth:  configures   json

test:  changes the amount of a vm to the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  solves the general equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  sync modules from the desktop icon .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   mutes
truth:  sync   app

test:  extract images in it .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   dumping
truth:  extract   patch

test:  determine the mongodb backend entry for the given backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  default   fold
truth:  default   backend

test:  only load this module if the corresponding execution module is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  run string in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts an ipv6 address in rfc rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   based
truth:  converts   address

test:  returns the value of a given value .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the path to the binary .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  prefix   authorizes
truth:  prefix   command

test:  it can run only the specified limit with --tags or -t options .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  check for the service tags .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   building
truth:  check   tag

test:  return the linear interpolation .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  return projected counts grouped by nvp .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  encapsulate a sequence of ndarrays into a single vector of the indices .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  the epochs cost for epochs against epochs .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  allow a langage config based on the language .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  parses a group password .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compiles   rising
truth:  compiles   group

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   shut
truth:  register   checker

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  checks two lists of ndarrays values .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  return   chisquare
truth:  return   tuples

test:  recursively extracts the job of the disk to the given job .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  wipe   pulls
truth:  wipe   null

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   printing
truth:  return   locale

test:  create a fake endogenous .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  get arc vertices and value from the word .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   calculates
truth:  get   vertex

test:  show all job ids .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  failed   deregister
truth:  failed   jobs

test:  returns the calculated margin for a given image and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  removes a plugin plugin plugins from the output .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   identifies
truth:  removes   plugin

test:  transform a normalized operator .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  change   looking
truth:  change   operator

test:  creates an array of the same shape as the numpy array .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  get   restrict
truth:  get   array

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   bench
truth:  synthesize   value

test:  create a close .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  split sample id into probabilities .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   optdict
truth:  parses   lines

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the list .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  send new email to users .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return the gradient of a list of inversion variables .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   gradient

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  check service date for valid epoch .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   ps

test:  returns a json representation of a snapshot .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we can parse: link: <url rel=shortlink .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  extract   response

test:  print the value of a multipart iterable .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  load ip addresses from cidr address .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   scaled
truth:  load   queue

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   switch
truth:  removes   list

test:  get a mongodb sqlite database or list of fields from a specific database cli example: .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  return error code based on the choice of the determining source code .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  make   unparsing
truth:  make   git

test:  displays the bluetooth address on windows .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  sets the service name .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  tests that the site functions are valid .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  is   downgrades
truth:  is   point

test:  imports from a file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  test xfail for updating the y .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  the named service is disabled to start at boot .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  creates an instance of the target class from the xml string .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  morerules : morerules | morerules | morerules | morerules | morerules | morerules | morerules div morerules | morerules lt morerules | morerules | morerules | morerules gt morerules |
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  unload metadefinitions from the ipython ipython .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  unload   extension

test:  gets the number of objects in the security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   put
truth:  count   rules

test:  plot a dictionary containing pairs for each element in the form: values .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   pushing
truth:  plot   model

test:  write a remote tunnel to a remote tunnel .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  test that fit a and m2 functions .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  entry point for the application .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  set   exit
truth:  set   handling

test:  returns a number that is allowed to find the base groups for a given phone .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  get the type of rediss code of option .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  run a synchronous query w/ timeout .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   xlsx
truth:  run   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add allocated_id to the larger table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   d

test:  yaml: builds this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each build pages requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment chain .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  pulls   proposed
truth:  pulls   chain

test:  atom : tuple | tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   pulls
truth:  atom   null

test:  returns a list of paragraphs .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  returns   re
truth:  returns   paragraphs

test:  returns a redirect user if fallback .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively resolves an object and returns the result .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   enhanced
truth:  resolve   object

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  remove a volume group .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  create a filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  returns a dictionary of corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  convert a linecollection to a text3d object .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   dumping
truth:  convert   patch

test:  returns a dict of active config values .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  returns   decorator

test:  return hex digest of a file .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  pull changes of the application to choose sfdisk .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  receive   prioritized
truth:  receive   messages

test:  test whether a list is absolute .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  setting the value of a given image .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   analyzes
truth:  set   size

test:  decodes a receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  checks if a test is an improvement .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  trigger   reencrypt
truth:  trigger   start

test:  set the clip on a clip value .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   grab
truth:  pulls   val

test:  returns an instance of a city type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  checks that the expr has been rewritten using the hadoop messages .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  expand the given line .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  if user is not running .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  display   does
truth:  display   tweets

test:  checks if the provided ipv4 address is a valid ip or a string .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  match an attribute dictionary to an attribute of a baseline query .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   xlsx
truth:  match   query

test:  register a encoder/decoder function for generators .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  common code for cholesky() and cho_factor() .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  pulls   duplicates
truth:  pulls   symbol

test:  given a remote method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using a .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the csv for the specified user .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  converts to utf-8 .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create a bar histogram .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  brent absolute error of a minimum topic .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  given   reported
truth:  given   function

test:  validate the django settings .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  download the handle to handle generating chunks .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   remote
truth:  download   httpresponse

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string spaces become dots .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  parse the tvdb_id line of a known kind .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   stream
truth:  parses   returns

test:  patch multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   unignores
truth:  perform   patches

test:  returns a sizer for a string field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  recursively creates a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  returns the cut size of a directed graph g .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  get the environment with the given values .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   accept
truth:  get   env

test:  look for options in the meta .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  cast obj to unicode string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  look up a table in table format and return its corresponding to it .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  formats a list of tabs .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  takes   fileformat
truth:  takes   self

test:  check if a given kernel module is available for the given locale cli example: .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  helper function to get ec2 connection and ut1-utc connection .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  parses timeseries using a timeseries file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  update some list of strings .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume fitness .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a plural string for a given number .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  insert   sparks
truth:  insert   number

test:  subscribe subscription to username .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  return the value of the completed .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  guesses   widening
truth:  guesses   location

test:  test filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tweak
truth:  test   replacement

test:  verify the correct number of both vectors are called from the right extra_args and see if the right ends with the right distribution .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  validates   synchronize
truth:  validates   addresses

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  get the signature name corresponding to a callable .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  decorator for reduction factors of order factors of a method .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   scans
truth:  sort   pairs

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  convert a long int to the hexadecimal character representation .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  fetches a file from source to a guest .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  use   supplied
truth:  use   api

test:  initiate a security certificate for a wsgi application .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pulls
truth:  clear   null

test:  create a test log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  store a certificate from a store name the certificate to store store store the serial store store store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  add traffic methods to the mask .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   specifies
truth:  add   methods

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  compute the location of the options that scalar to :: .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  make a connection .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   downgrades
truth:  insert   point

test:  generate ccpr plots against a set of ccpr .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  add a url to a url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   paginated
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test serviceprovideeditview with a url .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure that the names of the geos schemas is available .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  import   restoring
truth:  import   data

test:  generate a second_function_name linear regression .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   debugging
truth:  generates   dataset

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   assume
truth:  accepts   header

test:  return processes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  find the gce migrate database .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  check if a unicode(e) has been passing a boolean value .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  given   point
truth:  given   status

test:  helper function to check if address is in the form: .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  a stack trace for updating mode .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  tests   expected
truth:  tests   stack

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  a list of tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   shift
truth:  list   tasks

test:  list all files under a given directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test that we can snapshot like it .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calculate the entropy of a useful .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  returns   feed
truth:  returns   entropy

test:  true if the node is absolute .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  projects   determine
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume cache .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  query   aligns
truth:  query   volume

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  generate a random id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   linkify
truth:  generate   integer

test:  test the tpotclassifier pipeline function .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get the description for speed .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  split a list of parts into a comma-separated list .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   scop
truth:  take   token

test:  returns a list of ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   decline
truth:  returns   ntp

test:  return the matrix to bounds of bounds and 2nd sizes .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  convert   returned
truth:  convert   numbers

test:  read bti pdf transform .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   labels
truth:  read   transform

test:  list user registrations for a campaign .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  landing   bring
truth:  landing   page

test:  trims a number of text spaces .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parse sudo hashes out .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   assure
truth:  parse   challenge

test:  save the results on a model to the userena_mugshot_path .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  given   forbids
truth:  given   predictions

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  add a value to the package database .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return a list of all containers on the cloud provider .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   paste
truth:  returns   containers

test:  returns a datastore datastore key as a dict .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  computes the pseudo-inverse of the second problem using welchs log-likelihood function this function computes the badly mean parameters f : array_like the number of observations .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses a hex escape sequence in a replacement string .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   reveal
truth:  parses   sequence

test:  convert strings to queryset .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  executes a classical two points crossover on the individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  utility method to checkout shoppingcart or disable a user .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   limiting
truth:  create   order

test:  construct a reverse domain name from a reverse table .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this make sure that the extension works on the underlying model class .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   safe_octal
truth:  test   class

test:  retrieve the footer associated with the code for a given account .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  append   sampled
truth:  append   footer

test:  return the product name and the canonical names .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  lookup   stores
truth:  lookup   name

test:  the standard deviation in the input data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculates   dumps
truth:  calculates   signal

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   snaps
truth:  write   pid

test:  returns true if the given text is a ieee generator .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  dragonfly doji .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  pulls   safe_peekline
truth:  pulls   star

test:  switch frappe and upgrade is suitable for master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the spider loader class definitions .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  temporarily contextmanagerdef the given config .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   updates
truth:  builds   wsgi

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   completes
truth:  creates   budget

test:  convert an integer to a varint and write it using a variable length .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  a function to check if the document is set .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  validates source string to ensure it is a big-endian string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  ensures that the supplied environment is set to the first element of the i-th library .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  takes   lstrip
truth:  takes   set

test:  returns a dict mapping the dictionaries to their unfulfilled summary of an chapter .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  same as a .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob with google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  source file name from source space .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  ensure   unlocking
truth:  ensure   source

test:  return the difference of any file in the given list .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   nested
truth:  return   segment

test:  this function creates an api call for a bokeh target based on the device .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  execute   prettify
truth:  execute   process

test:  batch execute a batch .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieves a non-none non-none routine .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   clones
truth:  launch   server

test:  read an proppatch proppatch list of operating .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   assign
truth:  read   requests

test:  return a generator function that d a to b .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the halt halt string for a given halt .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  find the state of a network .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   killed
truth:  find   network

test:  displays html page .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   digs
truth:  display   html

test:  loads a libcrypto binary .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  sets the value of a given request .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  gets the comment to the "approve this comment from a debug file .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  record   iterates
truth:  record   comment

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   clustered
truth:  test   equations

test:  create a file path .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  a decorator which asserts that the doctors doctors was called with .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return information on a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  run mode/char .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether the given process name is alive .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  name   flip
truth:  name   python

test:  change the owning and supplementary groups to the specified user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   pulls
truth:  patch   null

test:  return the given user_id_or_name for a user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  test for completion found .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decorator that automatically methods that automatically extracts any mime type .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the default telnet calls .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  concatenate inputs together .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the list of available ips for a given local node .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  compute the exploration summary of a place .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  perform a off-line element .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  extract   deconvolves
truth:  extract   level

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   restoring
truth:  gunzip   data

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression ** expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  sets the image for the uploaded image .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  pulls   drops
truth:  pulls   call

test:  split a string by a list of strings .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of ones with same shape and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start web2py java server on the port number .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  test running console plan .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  run   refresh
truth:  run   scripts

test:  test url --quick .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the named host is absent name the name of the user to remove user system user all operations should not exist .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  this function calls a file given state .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  returns a string specifying the python implementation of a given string .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  create spider with the specified spidermanager .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   regularized
truth:  create   spider

test:  attempt to ping a connection .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  extract new strings .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  pull   gauss
truth:  pull   strings

test:  gets the number of national for a phone type .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   teardown
truth:  gets   type

test:  calculate the number of individual checksum for a string .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  calculates   preprocessing
truth:  calculates   char

test:  a word-wrap function .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format a time identifier for the given format .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  get information from app engine to load a remote user .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  transform the set of files .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that passing values in fill_values should only replace matching values or values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  verifies a set of key .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parses an accept header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   approve
truth:  parses   *

test:  perform prediction accuracy .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  this function takes a path and returns a byte string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes a sequence of cw and returns a generator .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  return a restful crud id .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   proposed
truth:  get   chain

test:  create a new shared shared shared shape containing a theano shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   transliterate
truth:  returns   variable

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection completion exists .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   binhexed
truth:  verify   tests

test:  return the id of an instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  utility method that checks if the user has cart or cart .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  construct root node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  check if mutating is a boolean .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  determines   compresses
truth:  determines   statement

test:  converts a numerical value to a millisecond integer .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  return the partitions of the matrix in an array .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   preface
truth:  finds   degree

test:  friendly friendly function that takes fastaqual and returns the difference between types .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a tuple of all loaded files .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute nth moment of a given eps .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   dataset
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer calculates certain datasets .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  that a given urls have allowed data .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  is   access
truth:  is   url

test:  registers unicode tokens for the daemon .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  registers   pulls
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge forum for a test topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  pulls   stops
truth:  pulls   topic

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel functions jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  function to decode sequence or sequence of low function id .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  map   controls
truth:  map   ids

test:  approximate number of ranges in a single space .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  search for converting server health option to command line options .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   memoizing
truth:  return   health

test:  generate a test function that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  auxiliary function for calculating throughputs configuration .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() use this function via the corpus .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  runs flask security tests on a new database .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   registering
truth:  cleanup   views

test:  mock model failure dies with models .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  forces a form hmac to specify the previously empty form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return the filesystems status of all nodes .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  loads the application .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   roundrobin
truth:  load   application

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  regression test for a bug that caused globals .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator which ensures their validation errors .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  allocate eip domain .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  pulls   reissues
truth:  pulls   eip

test:  checks for invalid operands are in the matrix .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  test   operators

test:  adds a user to a user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   pending
truth:  add   default

test:  returns the kernel kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  send an event handler to a wsgi event .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  logs   wait
truth:  logs   servers

test:  convenience function for local widgets .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  pulls   entries
truth:  pulls   review

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  function   skips
truth:  function   connections

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   banned
truth:  return   children

test:  get ancestor status by the given dict of data .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  mock lettuce failure dies with error .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  sets   hanging
truth:  sets   variables

test:  calculates the geometric statistic .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   asserts
truth:  compute   diff

test:  parse the requested curve key and return a list of the corresponding key .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return the url to display for a static resource .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a random string of n with specified number .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the inverse discrete coefficient of a non-negative distribution .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   translated
truth:  return   g

test:  register a hosting service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   chew
truth:  register   service

test:  computes the hermite interpolation of f and outsocket parameters x : theano variable holding a theano tensortype variable containing all tensors .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   optimizes
truth:  return   reservations

test:  a simple replacement for user .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  find a list of nodes matching the given text matching the given regex .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  using   looping
truth:  using   node

test:  clears the user info from the web .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   modbus
truth:  clears   cookie

test:  return a list of objects with only once which have been downloaded or multiple value found in the list .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  returns a dict where each row is the labels of the dict .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   quotes
truth:  returns   map

test:  initialize a mapping report for event report .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  creates   teardown
truth:  creates   type

test:  return current click .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   receiving
truth:  run   js

test:  write a stream to the previous text .
truth: like write . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to each campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   break
truth:  builds   operations

test:  open an absolute path to a file .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  this cleans the file system for the given extension .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   solve
truth:  loads   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  add a false}return .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  pulls   surrounding
truth:  pulls   processor

test:  block the system until *fileno* is ready to get or write .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   cie
truth:  wait   predicate

test:  create a uuid from an ip bin into a more bin representation .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  setup the <program_name> .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return the set of all the tree and the tree .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  lists wiki templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the group name of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the xdg_config_home cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return information about a device cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  report   grouping
truth:  report   system

test:  changes a string using the dictionary and update it as a list of lists .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a list of loadbalancer auth and user identified by a given request .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  parses a set of inline .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   urlencode
truth:  parses   item

test:  returns a string representation of a number .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  to suspend a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  suspend   hostname
truth:  suspend   vm

test:  return a list of state in any state .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   unpatch
truth:  stop   matching

test:  change the state of the named package(s) cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   easing
truth:  change   runlevel

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  returns a set of bits .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  check to see if a cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  if the function returns true .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   overlay
truth:  return   func

test:  render a template .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  get the backend class by the module .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  get artist names of block names into a block of suggest by artist .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  suggest   encapsulates
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id for the linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  check if the given template path is valid .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   storing
truth:  validate   template

test:  tests that the base decimal values are optionally properly .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove special folders which are created only applicable on windows .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  build an option which bound from wire place** .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  serve a public thumbnail of a file .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   pulls
truth:  serve   null

test:  prepare a file extension and use .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  using the default python quit are created .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert non-stop-codon element to a number of element .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   scaled
truth:  converts   queue

test:  returns a encoded string to the encoded article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  set the verbose key with previous augeas .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   lowercases
truth:  set   verbose

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  replace python interpreter by bad operations .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   pulls
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  run a segment matches the end of a segment .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the llamalab notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  train an iis function to point of iis subjects_dir .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  do   retrieved
truth:  do   iteration

test:  split a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   teardown
truth:  split   type

test:  create a allowed status .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pending
truth:  creates   default

test:  return volumes that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   subtracts
truth:  return   backups

test:  computes the simple factorization of the normal distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  assuming   named
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   simulating
truth:  encodes   input

test:  helper to check if we are a version of a given namespace .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  reset django database .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  executes   setup
truth:  executes   equivalent

test:  creates a new blockdevicedeployer instance to reference as the test .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  rectified linear unit function :math:f(x)=max .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   reported
truth:  rectified   function

test:  returns the image description from a dict .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  update a new host object .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   terminate
truth:  update   password

test:  create an extras config .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  returns the current dictionnary .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return the money .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  down-sample image by given center .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   combine
truth:  perform   transformation

test:  return a dictionary of requirements file the local requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  add vector3 to paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   paths

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  extract a key from a protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  builds a dictionary of a network attach a network attach to the network spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  uses the end of the input values .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  print   returns

test:  drop-in replacement for the script to not respect to run the referenceable files .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create an in-memory dict with new version .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a file:// url instance or none if path is not a valid url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  updates the users password .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   post_save
truth:  updates   metadata

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  load all certificates for a particular certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   keys

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  iterate over all modules modules .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  waits for the cant be changed from a dictionary to become a network .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  the restful handler for course access to the given course id .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  normalized mutual information between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  normalized   tile
truth:  normalized   information

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  this is a helper method to write the given project to a file .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  helper to get a single argument field number or non-celestial jid .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  do   flattening
truth:  do   field

test:  if a list of files .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  invalid arguments disassociate address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   reissues
truth:  disassociate   eip

test:  execute an answer .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  return first power series of f .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  bound of the correlation matrix of a vector of a and b .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  yaml: build-discarder adds the build setter to generate a build for a build build step .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  gets list of support of tasks .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns the *l1* of a discrete distribution .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the word of a non-negative integer .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  compares   sleeps
truth:  compares   equality

test:  return the local host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns a list of datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   allocate
truth:  ensuring   user

test:  get a string containing a host:port pair .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  elementwise sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  various tests for issue #1256 .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the configured location .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  fetches a new floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   embedded
truth:  updates   example

test:  sets a component of time left into one ids .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   msg
truth:  given   component

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop from loop to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  delete a certain floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   containing
truth:  deletes   ip

test:  return a context for the logs and container data .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  determine if the crypto needs an crypto library .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  checks   constrained
truth:  checks   functions

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  helper to return a python stream for the given stream .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  construct   export
truth:  construct   tuple

test:  returns the group type from a type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   part

test:  find all files under revision control .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  pull   related
truth:  pull   supervisor

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns quotas sample ids signed" file data which are the correct dicts of the correct metadata .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  make   declared
truth:  make   samples

test:  yields the target at target names from the target .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  generates   reveal
truth:  generates   sequence

test:  add a new homedrive cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  get a string out of text .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  quote -> string return a single string .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  ensure   exposes
truth:  ensure   values

test:  create a user object .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  authorize network to a cache security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   killed
truth:  authorize   network

test:  callback to copy .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  example: takes a list of strings and optionally making it on the current order .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  get a formatted date .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  returns a new led matrix which is a n*m mutual .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  tests   flattening
truth:  tests   field

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  yaml: gatling send environment variables to gatling server .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the eq-3 lights .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   leave
truth:  set   switch

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   based
truth:  represent   address

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   resamples
truth:  get   zones

test:  getip wrapper for djangos use an getip method .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  returns an pickleable etype object .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  dumps a file to disk .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  pulls   reshapes
truth:  pulls   serialization

test:  check whether the course is required to run a required course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   remap
truth:  returns   survey

test:  works like turning into a url .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  skip a appropriate whitespace at position position position in position .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  helper function for running cross test .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  returns the best available best instance for the given local time zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  compares   suggests
truth:  compares   timezone

test:  test imperial and arguments .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  returns an array with evenly spaced values .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  orders request .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   bring
truth:  index   page

test:  show the list of prefix names from which packages satisfies the prefix .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  filter   plot
truth:  filter   apps

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   guessing
truth:  clean   namespace

test:  index page .
truth: log out . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  get list on media list items of a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  function to return a numpy array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if *uri* is a role .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  ensure that given }isnotpresent' is absent .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  check if the system is default .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  checks   paging
truth:  checks   interface

test:  close the loadbalancer client .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  saves   widgets
truth:  saves   responses

test:  print a useful report after where available .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   tile
truth:  print   information

test:  read the last composite file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   choice
truth:  returns   formats

test:  test that a table with issues on the _default_manager .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return the path to the appropriate rackspace driver for a given job .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns a list with the directory that contains the alternate pyinstaller hook for kivy .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a sequence of sequences into a list .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   maps
truth:  insert   locations

test:  find the representation of the given message .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   pulls
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return information about a package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  cast variables to list of variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  gives   step
truth:  gives   names

test:  return nova nova object .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  also work for gpuadvancedincsubtensor1 .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   iso

test:  displays whether sleep button can sleep on power button .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   follows
truth:  displays   button

test:  run one or more commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  handle   optimized
truth:  handle   script

test:  create a template instance using the directories command line application .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   mutes
truth:  creates   app

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  returns fqdn .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate a url to be used by the ui .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generates   allocate
truth:  generates   user

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  loads a class by name .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decorator to make sure that the user is supported in the distributed function .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  signal receiver of a model .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  provides a dictionary without the context and the optional values .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the current server version .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  send analytics window that is events for events events .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  format a timestamp into a standardized xxxxxxxxxx .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   r^2
truth:  formats   form

test:  if thing is not being a callable .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  pulls   appending
truth:  pulls   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   exposes
truth:  marks   values

test:  order all activities .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  place   unescaped
truth:  place   entries

test:  check nova docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  revoke cache ingress from a cache security group to a cache security group from a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   killed
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop and save a reactor .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function determines if the request user has access to the user .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determines   allocate
truth:  determines   user

test:  order group array into ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pulls   align
truth:  pulls   observation

test:  make sure the cookiecutter attribute works with the given input .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  returns last column of a line in a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  create a new iscsi target entry .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return the vdi associated with a disk image .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  determine if partition is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  checks   emulate
truth:  checks   disk

test:  test interpolate stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  return a dataframe .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if a table with no table provided by col extent .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  get a class usable byte array from the instantiates data .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   height
truth:  create   lot

test:  do not display the null node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a carrier description for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  converts the string elements of a python object into a slice of .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   be
truth:  remove   acl

test:  execute a sql query and return a execute .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  get the colors in a list of points .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  stretch   utf-8
truth:  stretch   argument

test:  return the argument url without downloading the given argument .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of an stock .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   colored
truth:  monitor   operation

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  check if string represents a string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  resolve a dictionary of attributes .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute mouse distance between the tags and the second greeting .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   distance

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  list network interfaces associated with the account .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  represent an address as a packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  set an instance of :class:i18n from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   encapsulate
truth:  sets   instance

test:  test sync conflict with an actual fragment .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  appends -> zeros_like(x) .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   pulls
truth:  fill   null

test:  creates a propagates for the given figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hack hack if needed .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get vector3 from radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   confine
truth:  get   xmlelement

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  create a hash of token using a given token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   scop
truth:  hash   token

test:  delete a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  process the data from a repository .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  returns a testsuite loaded with all tests found in the given module .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  map   tear
truth:  map   module

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   randomise
truth:  fake   message

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  get   orthoganlize
truth:  get   hash

test:  add the availability zone for a given instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   encapsulate
truth:  run   instance

test:  returns the serialization statement for the given atomic .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   hydrate
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons than or on_focus_changed parameters logbase : ndarray .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  helper function to redirect to wsgi environment variables provided in tool shed dict .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  parse a blobinfo record from the provided file upload it to the tuple .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  get the backup for a backup .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   gives
truth:  return   days

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fetches the message of the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   randomise
truth:  fetches   message

test:  retrieve all the composite settings for the given addon and excluded .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  refresh the grains from the current device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   undo
truth:  refresh   grains

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  check that the search search actions can be in .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  rename a notification lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   pulls
truth:  rename   null

test:  test with a bug command .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert index to index in order to index .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   bump
truth:  transform   definitions

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return true if the class has a known known known type of an object .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   ayoung
truth:  returns   base

test:  deserialize a stream or a string into a python format .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  print out a stream .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   blacklisted
truth:  print   attachments

test:  creates a new index for local bucket .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  check if a vm exists on the cluster or not .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  take a file of config file and write it to the config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  set the mongo variable .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  common code for the method .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  create a new repo .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  build   recreate
truth:  build   portion

test:  returns the symmetric integer representation of the vector a .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   serve
truth:  return   mod

test:  check if a status code is allowed and return a dict of tuples .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  set the state of the filters .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  returns a string / calendar .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  read   unsqueeze
truth:  read   fixtures

test:  check if a value looks like a number .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses a standard python object as a boolean value .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get options from a dictionary .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  explode   server_root
truth:  explode   opts

test:  returns a list of managed servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  manage   wait
truth:  manage   servers

test:  parse an expression using the search args: expression : expr path to the file .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   sums
truth:  parse   expression

test:  creates a new chart chart with square .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  get list in the architecture but with the given height .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   clusters

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   grouping
truth:  set   system

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   heres
truth:  change   frequency

test:  call storing unicode on python 2 specify the unicode strings for node-cfg .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  utility function to crop a small pager .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  given   forwards
truth:  given   image

test:  create a hash of field instances from a dictionary of models .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  return   unrooted
truth:  return   differences

test:  parse cuda representations data .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  extract labels and selector from g .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create an appropriate class/method instance .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  time   support
truth:  time   time

test:  create a tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   unparsing
truth:  creates   git

test:  returns the url for a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send email confirmation link .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  pulls   factorize
truth:  pulls   verification

test:  get the param folder path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   suggest
truth:  get   folder

test:  show all pylab figures and enter the figure .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  checks to see if a string could possibly be a number .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  checks   sparks
truth:  checks   number

test:  get the parent of the current process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  is   dumping
truth:  is   patch

test:  return a graph from an approximate matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   publish
truth:  creates   graph

test:  auto- belongs to := blacklist .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a random string of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  this is a really partial test .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  extracts env variables required to extract them from env .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  delete all files from a given file node .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  listens   failed
truth:  listens   contributor

test:  parses the given date and returns a datetime object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   temperature
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of cpg for each user .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  return average rotated data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   hsv
truth:  load   grammar

test:  returns a path to the head config file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  step 4 semi-definite .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  check if the file system is valid .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   flattens
truth:  run   output

test:  like :func:blackbody_nu but returns none on point in a tree .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   looping
truth:  like   node

test:  replacement for header_start=none .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configures   obj
truth:  configures   filters

test:  executes command output .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  load the original base file .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  an iterator that coerces integral values in the given interval .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   blink
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   shed
truth:  transform   exception

test:  get the resource name of a form .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a size in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  simple wrapper to run macro .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   unescaped
truth:  generates   entries

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  clear   names

test:  return an array with the given fields .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  returns   flow
truth:  returns   fields

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters otherwise use to serialize a single provided number .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  call to ftperrors .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   ssl
truth:  return   errors

test:  return the module name corresponding to unicode .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  parses the qiime definition .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  convenience function to search a string for keywords that are not implemented by keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  filters out the given expression .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   guessing
truth:  filter   namespace

test:  load the data modechoice data .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  gets the cookiecutter tree tree in a given compiler .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  expand   exception
truth:  expand   macros

test:  test efficient .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   splitting
truth:  test   surface

test:  setup logging with a specific id .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   forbid
truth:  configure   options

test:  fastest fastest .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  register   enter
truth:  register   serializer

test:  construct a formatted time for the given time .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  ensure   img
truth:  ensure   compiler

test:  setup setup .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  test   unlinks
truth:  test   fixture

test:  return the vertices of the images that are available .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  import a dsa key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   listen
truth:  import   key

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   eliminates
truth:  finds   elements

test:  checks an exception for the given status code .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  keep   bench
truth:  keep   value

test:  returns as p2g .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   building
truth:  returns   tag

test:  return the raw response object with the given http response body .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  retrieves   stubbed
truth:  retrieves   headers

test:  provide access to the file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   emulate
truth:  reads   disk

test:  return the path where the current user is located .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  yaml: zmq zeromq event making a build event within another .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  convert a human readable string .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pulls   integrating
truth:  pulls   scipy

test:  set up the simplisafe platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return a string consisting of the current ronding .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  generates a dictionary of for each state of any different ndarray .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a dictionary that is available for the given target .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  find the full path to a python file in the given directory .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  clones an existing virtual machine server .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   rising
truth:  clones   group

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   chew
truth:  require   service

test:  decorator that skips tests that the current user is associated with the given handler .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for a given connection to be a postgres instance .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   extracts
truth:  closes   socket

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  get the cmd name .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  logs   checking
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a fake option .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  tests whether code is an actual url .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  return an iterable with the keys in the given options .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  add   scans
truth:  add   pairs

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von mises distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the tag tag from a string .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  removes previous services .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   reverses
truth:  check   services

test:  returns target index object for given language .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test for get word from content syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible menu .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   unlocking
truth:  copy   source

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   requesting
truth:  generate   i

test:  returns a content of the given tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   localize
truth:  check   reference

test:  removes the unit code for a module .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   batch
truth:  unregister   code

test:  parse a string referring to a list of command line .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   gauss
truth:  interpret   strings

test:  saves a editor to the database .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  execute queries against the given dataset and return the resulting instance .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the running vpn status .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  gets   point
truth:  gets   status

test:  generate a random non-empty string with randomly sampled elements .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  create   small_stmts
truth:  create   line

test:  gets the downloadurl that the given version of this checker .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  serialize and return response .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  turn   install
truth:  turn   response

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   vms
truth:  mark   thread

test:  return the cache file .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   safe_octal
truth:  walk   class

test:  parses a single loop .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  returns   breaking
truth:  returns   candidates

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   centralized
truth:  test   backup

test:  install a handler handler for adding a given handler .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  runs one or more python script in a package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get detailed information about a table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  describe   bounds
truth:  describe   table

test:  only load if chef is installed .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  frees a list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   switch
truth:  frees   list

test:  creates a new listening key for the given kind and comment_id .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   supports
truth:  read   text

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  validate that the user has acls from the given user_ids .
truth: check acls . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decrypt the aes ciphertext .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   pulls
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  check if the file system really is attached to happen .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compare   forgets
truth:  compare   filesystem

test:  parses a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   were
truth:  parses   property

test:  consume pending qos by sending pending qos on task .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  blocking   chown
truth:  blocking   loop

test:  extract the source code from a code source code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  factory function to create a new dependency .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if an object has a given key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  patch a given docstring with a docstring of the given docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  patch   documentation

test:  return the first old connections .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   differentiate
truth:  gets   accounts

test:  set quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and multiple usage .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   compose
truth:  set   usage

test:  return the list of available virtualenv .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return a list of length of counting input in k[x] .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  memset on the epoch .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  fill   hover
truth:  fill   bytes

test:  retrieves the queries value for a given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the elliptical command line of a partial plot .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  like web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  yield chunks of the file .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  generates a random word of "length" characters .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  compute the depth2space column of an array of shape .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  return   overwrites
truth:  return   shape

test:  return a list of the order of variation on the current order .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  signal to send a job when a job is clicked .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  notify   deregister
truth:  notify   jobs

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  parses soap enveloped enveloped saml thing and returns the class instance .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   inserted
truth:  parses   saml

test:  make sure a elastic app is present .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  install a blueprints instance .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  configure   registering
truth:  configure   views

test:  remove list of links .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> host_from_gpu gpu_from_host -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   boot
truth:  gpu_from_host   dot

test:  counts the number of pattern in an iterator .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  get harris points of distance .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  return whether the request is a ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  pulls   resolved
truth:  pulls   threads

test:  return a dict containing key-value pairs .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  extract module version from current .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return event data to remote carbon .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   lowering
truth:  return   postgres

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   score
truth:  create   staff

test:  generate globally file and loop instances for testing .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  calculates a comma .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  return   quoting
truth:  return   comma

test:  link to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  pulls   present
truth:  pulls   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  setup the stopped sensor .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  yaml: grails configure a build parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin <scp+plugin> .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroy the named service .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   hostname
truth:  unregister   vm

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  convenience function to open a file and return an bytes .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  checks that we are the same length as the linux distribution .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   flip
truth:  checks   python

test:  compute the collection of a given collection summary .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  computes   import
truth:  computes   summary

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   constructs
truth:  test   lock

test:  setup the available battery switches .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  a test view for testing purposes .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load a module from a file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  find and persists a function into a decorator which is called .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  logs a log message to an externally one .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  log   history

test:  converts hex string to rgb .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  change   detects
truth:  change   color

test:  create a try to call up the given compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  check that the string cannot be converted to a base-256 expression .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  exception   negate
truth:  exception   resource

test:  check server message along picks .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  guarantee   intersect
truth:  guarantee   picks

test:  waits for the element to become browser .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  return the root version as a string .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   evpn
truth:  create   schema

test:  parses a single character reference string .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  given a string of n bytes .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  test   sparks
truth:  test   number

test:  like :func:escape but return either a single instance or a string .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  pulls   predicate
truth:  pulls   sql

test:  evaluates the base python type .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   strided
truth:  evaluates   cosine

test:  simulates a synthetic icon .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  function   decimals
truth:  function   storage

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  make text string safe to use in <script> .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt adds errors .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   shed
truth:  raising   exception

test:  normalize the language code .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  show the labels from the image .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   forwards
truth:  show   image

test:  display the schema version .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python qualified name in the given encoding .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   stores
truth:  encode   name

test:  regression test for issue #1256 .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the all text from a node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  replace the module-level lock .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete any attribute values from a file instance .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source to the system .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   pulls
truth:  instructs   null

test:  add teardrop row and direction to spacing between two values .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  correct   swaps
truth:  correct   faces

test:  loads an installed notebook on the system .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  configure   currents
truth:  configure   state

test:  this function returns a global python module if the given package or a python package .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   downloading
truth:  checks   package

test:  build a comment .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   tracks
truth:  return   urls

test:  process the template file and return the signal .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  sets the logging verbosity to use .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  like stream_encode_multipart but returns a product of two arguments .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  given a valid identity calculates .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   trivial
truth:  delete   connection

test:  validate backupretentionperiod for updated rate limiting .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  pulls   lash
truth:  pulls   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   pulls
truth:  needs   null

test:  find the occurrences of a finder .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   maps
truth:  return   locations

test:  create a reference to a repository reference .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  set   displaying
truth:  set   ref

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  list permissions for a given keyspace .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   expand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return true if folder is hidden in this folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  parses a full http range header string and parses the contents into a tuple of the form .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  returns   throttle
truth:  returns   unit

test:  gets the ith number of a numpy array .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  convert a pool to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   aligns
truth:  convert   volume

test:  replace expressions with sin/cos and ending of a matrix .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  identify   exposes
truth:  identify   values

test:  displays widgets on a dashboard .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   reserializes
truth:  add   widget

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  pulls   act
truth:  pulls   categories

test:  remove an absolute text from a binary string .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  execute command line arguments listed below .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   utf-8
truth:  setup   argument

test:  this looks for google cloud storage .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  fake   carry
truth:  fake   test

test:  returns cards if any file in the local locks contains one of the tag .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return whether a frame is a inversion inversion frame .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   github
truth:  computes   frame

test:  raises an exception .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  lookup   unpublicizes
truth:  lookup   description

test:  yaml: exclusion this action allows you configure different from exclusion .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is registered or not .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  work around url .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  transform a hex string to a r .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  gets skype .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sends message on click .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  like string .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  delete a repository in conditional state .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  recursively converted any embedded item in the dictionary .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  return a intersection random graph .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   greps
truth:  return   intersection

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed topics .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  get a batch of calls to use the event loop .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  turn a list of items into a dictionary .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   enhance
truth:  convert   items

test:  train a model class in a given device .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  create a connection to the daemon allowing efficient registration of multiple individual records .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  read   resetting
truth:  read   reply

test:  issue the tests .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fire   randomise
truth:  fire   message

test:  private wrapper around 0 .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  constructs   restrict
truth:  constructs   array

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   imsave
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  get the client imports for an api specified .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  list all users on a database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   registering
truth:  list   views

test:  extracts the arguments from a list of positional .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  joins   maps
truth:  joins   locations

test:  raises an exception if there is a tty .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   unlocks
truth:  code   lexer

test:  query the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: name the latest version of the package to be installed packages cli example: .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the integer non-empty get correctly with the right key .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  solve the generator specific info that gets fed to input individuals .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  /xx decorator to updated a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  returns the number of instances that are set for the given module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   capture
truth:  write   bit

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  run tests - worker flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  return the given activities of the given activities .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  adds / add a path to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  adds   paths

test:  get the difference between two nodes .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  filter to the beginning of stdin .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  calls   imposes
truth:  calls   f

test:  check if the given unsigned arguments are valid .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validates   translates
truth:  validates   flags

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  alias for alpha*pos(x) .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  pulls   protects
truth:  pulls   args

test:  convert strings to unicode objects .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   mounts
truth:  convert   objects

test:  unpack the data to a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   restoring
truth:  unpack   data

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  pulls   template
truth:  pulls   sitemap

test:  transforms the output of parse() into tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   removing
truth:  transforms   parse

test:  signal that this variable extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return the search that is installed in setuptools .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  gather   raised
truth:  gather   distributions

test:  function to provide sensible default function to field .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  note   created
truth:  note   mode

test:  adapt the data of the binary operation to a python data structure .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  adapt   teardown
truth:  adapt   type

test:  parses any argument passed .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  make sure the unicode of an unicode operation works .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  require a when a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  process telnet version using telnet .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  process   extract
truth:  process   version

test:  parse a command line of a list of alias objects .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  match   supports
truth:  match   text

test:  return a source_path .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  check that passing a report .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates the given html name .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   bracket

test:  imports the driver for the decorated function .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  log   includes
truth:  log   entrance

test:  get information about a specific url .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   interpret
truth:  get   dashboard

test:  write 1e6 units at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   throttle
truth:  write   unit

test:  return a set of all the stable functions .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  function to truncate a call to a dict .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  verify that rbenv is installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two array .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  ordered   databook
truth:  ordered   comparison

test:  fetch the libzmq file .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   usage
truth:  show   rows

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  handles   exposes
truth:  handles   values

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  calculate a linear difference between two points in a sphere .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  pulls   patches
truth:  pulls   permutations

test:  gets the data from yes and formats it as a dict .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   restoring
truth:  gets   data

test:  lead a contiguous vector to the number of channels .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  produce   cleaning
truth:  produce   matrix

test:  function to format a cube aggregates .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clean up the old jobs .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  called   rescales
truth:  called   event

test:  instance is a list of :class: .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  return local threshold value of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   forwards
truth:  threshold   image

test:  return user_ids public and query for given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  converts a multi-line string to a pretty and does the following: string .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  helper to patch errors that are not a stack trace to adderror .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   located
truth:  create   method

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  register a process handler for overriding with pid -> none .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  get an event transaction id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  retrieves   cast
truth:  retrieves   transaction

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   flip
truth:  apply   python

test:  determine what we are allowed to show the target header and the other installer .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   teardown
truth:  choose   type

test:  returns last courseware .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  converts the given string to a value .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   centers
truth:  search   labels

test:  return first derivative of n items less than or equal to the number .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  helper function to apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  apply   review
truth:  apply   keys

test:  parse a string referring to the filter key .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the standard_broadcasting is in incompatible .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  check   plot
truth:  check   apps

test:  yaml: scoverage this plugin publishes if there is trend .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the base url of a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  remove   disable
truth:  remove   |

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  returns an iterable of the arguments passed in string argument .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   catching
truth:  refresh   quota

test:  return the input that contribute to those in variable_list .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  extract   hanging
truth:  extract   variables

test:  create a new recording environment .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   pts
truth:  start   rpc

test:  update blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  create a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  get the flocker keypair for a given keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the maximum distance between any non-singleton np .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  calculates   stopped
truth:  calculates   statistics

test:  create a row that can be used for a given cell .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  translate   step
truth:  translate   names

test:  determine disk type for image types .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   bartels
truth:  clear   contents

test:  return a data structure representing the named package to a specified package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  sets the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  sets   d

test:  closes out a message with the user .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate the correct number of strings over the system .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  verify that message is a valid dictionary .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  create a connection to a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  writes a list of diacritical objects to the given variable .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  newegg <query> -- gets information about any ows .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  handle copyto .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   restrict
truth:  copies   array

test:  helper function to get a single channel .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  pulls   examine
truth:  pulls   brick

test:  cleans a directory tree .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  erase   resample
truth:  erase   directories

test:  preprocesses preprocesses the file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  pulls   succeed
truth:  pulls   request_response

test:  create the default signal map for example .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   quotes
truth:  make   map

test:  run a shell on a given ip .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  returns the greatest common integral of x and z .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   throw
truth:  return   x

test:  return the unicode path string .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  create a bytes string of bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns a list of the named element of the input colors .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  counts the number of permutations in an counts .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return the feature structure of the elements that are equal .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  makes sure we only list-like to fix a list of records for the specified path .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  returns a nested message for a message .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test the default values .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   pending
truth:  test   default

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  setup the available wanted eventrenderers .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  resolve an ip address to the form of the provided ip address .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  extract the extracts extracts and return a tuple of the vbench .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   building
truth:  parses   tag

test:  ensure that the named package is absent name the name of the user to remove user to run the command .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  make plot for image .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  load   understemmed
truth:  load   results

test:  get information about the method .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   specifies
truth:  get   methods

test:  return the databases .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  test using djangos i_of_i e/meg .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get all the manifest for a specific extension from the database .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   bans
truth:  list   resources

test:  parse a validator error context value .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  has   pulls
truth:  has   null

test:  publish calendar calendar from verbose verbose .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   failing
truth:  publish   style

test:  sends a message to a http message .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  pulls   skips
truth:  pulls   connections

test:  detects logos in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  create a continuous random variable with a tensor distribution .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate the largest regression problem with a different number of meters .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it or property or property doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   were
truth:  delete   property

test:  return the number of nodes of the system nodes .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  attempts to emulate a sequence of binomial vertices .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  helper to look for credentials in the credentials .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  obtain   expose
truth:  obtain   credentials

test:  set the schedule and close to the schedule schedule .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  set   rebuilds
truth:  set   scheduler

test:  make sure that the figure preserves dpi settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   parens
truth:  make   figure

test:  write the specified x509 file .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  fetch   traverse
truth:  fetch   cert

test:  copy data and mode bits of another module .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  retrieve links from a given url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  parse the tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   db
truth:  parse   annotation

test:  restful crud parents of a resource - used by requests .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  extracts all files from a buffer .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  reset the notifications used by deleting the unit tests .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clear   brain

test:  converts all keys in a dictionary to strings .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  return an ordered dictionary of sample files for the repository defined by the received tool_shed_url .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  returns a list of status cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   point
truth:  display   status

test:  get reference to a cluster in vcenter .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   banned
truth:  returns   children

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 if they should be sent .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   labeled
truth:  fetch   file

test:  parses a column string like b12 .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  find image where the given image is the root root .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  read the next n bytes from a socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a list of all tags or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tries to find an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  calls another server .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  pulls   hashing
truth:  pulls   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate a random wcs .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   secret

test:  make a user a member of an organization .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   archive
truth:  make   member

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  copy the test data from media to media path .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  iterates over the position of a location .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   query
truth:  turn   position

test:  execute a remote execution command .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  send a notification via send .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  show   searches
truth:  show   duration

test:  link to a bokeh commit .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  this is a cross platform temporary file that is a writeable dir to a temporary file that creates a temporary file and renames the input .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  return the path .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  update or add manifest xml from src to dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   restoring
truth:  update   data

test:  load a yaml file .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   crack
truth:  assign   _

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  pulls   browse
truth:  pulls   testsuite

test:  helper: get a single date of a month .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   simplifies
truth:  download   packages

test:  returns the value of the python configuration variable .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  list of domains that are available on the system .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  entry point for regular expressions .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   reserializes
truth:  return   widget

test:  makes the dictionary of input names .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  use this to rotate a csrf token in the session .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   executing
truth:  changes   csrf

test:  returns an author which will add it to the provided user for the specified user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  compute nt zeros and values of the airy function kf .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  link content to site in the main language so the url of the different subsites will be honored .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  return auto step size for the virtual network .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  compute   analyzes
truth:  compute   size

test:  help function for add: the main method .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  create a form that renders a form with the given form }} .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   storing
truth:  create   template

test:  apply to the most recent version .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  manage   checkout

test:  returns the entities set by the given key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  get   daemonize
truth:  get   memcache

test:  return a list of the rm module mods to add termination .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all available plugin classes .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the list of script choices .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  generates   preselected
truth:  generates   choice

test:  download and install autostart .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a batch of batches of order function .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  get a sphinx timedelta .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  pulls   obj
truth:  pulls   filters

test:  checks that the tpot cursor is valid .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an equalizer instance .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  create an instance containing the model instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  adds field fields to the search model -> :class:flask .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  produce   compress
truth:  produce   db

test:  return a temporary directory list: by the unique functions used to bypass the box with a distributed distributed box .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  pulls   restructure
truth:  pulls   tmpdir

test:  generate a new code for a code .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  preprocess   batch
truth:  preprocess   code

test:  try to increase resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  try   negate
truth:  try   resource

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  project project notifications .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  load a module .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  converts a datetime to local time in the active time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return a multivariate value of list of c{float} n .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  deprecated use of macros .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  pulls   backup
truth:  pulls   properties

test:  function converts a std name into a function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  match   plan
truth:  match   profile

test:  read llite stats file .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test evoked data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  return a formatted traceback with all lines in python .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  yaml: critical this plug-in allows you to start a build process .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  a scenario string with lines should only exception if they are met .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write a template from a file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  decorator to enforce a callable replacement for the minion that raises an exception if the callable was not exist .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  create new zabbix script .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  load the import path and return a list of .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   define
truth:  import   path

test:  verify that diskcache .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   enhanced
truth:  verify   object

test:  return globals for component views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  constructs   msg
truth:  constructs   component

test:  removes the given files .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a pydot module from a pydot graph .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  shows the event .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  take   knapsack
truth:  take   request

test:  convert s to int .
truth: if not none . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  update the map information to the *any* entity .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  pulls   partitions
truth:  pulls   category

test:  read a modules setting for a group setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   init
truth:  load   modules

test:  setting tasks as a tuple of tasks .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  helper function to get the access token token from an oauth application instance .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse a string starting at position start in rfc position start first argument .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  zfill -> string return a zfill version of the string s .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  pulls   locks
truth:  pulls   pad

test:  replace problematic column names and its output .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   step
truth:  fixes   names

test:  check explicit import for explicit import of the _ function we need to translate logical import of the _ function to translate the reloading function to translate the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   rearranges
truth:  check   import

test:  we have a good file .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  unquotes   define
truth:  unquotes   path

test:  multiplies the values in a tensor .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiply   exposes
truth:  multiply   values

test:  returns a sparse matrix of length k with the given number of dimensions .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  compute   q

test:  restart the network service .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  do   hostname
truth:  do   vm

test:  check if a file with given user/group user/group .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  sets the second position of a plot .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   analyzes
truth:  sets   size

test:  create simple argparse parser to get simple argparse parser .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  get the list of available agent settings .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  determine   bench
truth:  determine   value

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from csrf .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  get the list of zookeeper ips .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   reported
truth:  retrieves   function

test:  ensure config files .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   deflate
truth:  test   config

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  builds the default language for the given localetuple .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   batch
truth:  builds   code

test:  use in sql server separator .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  find the signatures of a given component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify that the cpaste code is valid .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  dumps the specified blocks to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   labeled
truth:  dump   file

test:  test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  return true if the given url has a url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   eliminating
truth:  returns   cache

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  change the os of a test gethookrecorder to use .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the given numba type is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   pulls
truth:  inspired   null

test:  returns the requested comment format as specified in the given vim .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return true if the current process is swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  pulls   normalizes
truth:  pulls   loader

test:  let the gettext completion of being used by the api .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  bootstraps   storing
truth:  bootstraps   template

test:  a helper function to create a rnn state .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  return   currents
truth:  return   state

test:  run code in a python function .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  function   looping
truth:  function   node

test:  get the name of the file containing the filename or folder received .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  special purpose of code .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   starts
truth:  is   nothing

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert complex reconid to reconid .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the pipe line number .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  creates a mock .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   install
truth:  prepare   response

test:  search for series and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints out the host information .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  internal helper function to get float values .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  num implementation of all args .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   protects
truth:  return   args

test:  retrieve user object from partition or none if it doesnt exist or is not .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  makes sure that a string is actually a missing mime type .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   stores
truth:  unsets   name

test:  this is a helper function that returns all available config values .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   deployments
truth:  updates   sources

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  is this media player able to render the video output .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   specifying
truth:  is   player

test:  start the given file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   formatted
truth:  print   rate

test:  return true iff the tree can be converted to a single tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  return the signature of the hmac-sha1 of a given string .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   tell
truth:  generates   signature

test:  get grid grid from bti file .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  returns   stacking
truth:  returns   grid

test:  return all weighers cost .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  returns the current error driver of the given error .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   shed
truth:  returns   exception

test:  returns the xsrf token that can be used with the given entity .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a keyczar space with the given http/x .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this code will be called after the tests to make it hotfix .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  rename   tuple
truth:  rename   branch

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  gets a filename and pass it to an absolute path .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  quotes   pulls
truth:  quotes   null

test:  return the encoding for the specified locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   pulls
truth:  settings   null

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test the clickableimage class .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  send firewall to firewall cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   put
truth:  stop   rules

test:  validate that this value matches the regular expression .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the number of  to add git command .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  move binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  pulls   uses
truth:  pulls   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string into a string representation .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  this function checks that the standard output file with unnamed .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authentication for authentication .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pulls   wrapped
truth:  pulls   permission

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return retlist .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  returns a queue .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  extract all modules names from a python module name .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  reduce the image along the parser .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  perform   deprecated
truth:  perform   interpolation

test:  initialize the first event specification for each extra array .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  returns true if the object is a generator .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  check if the system can be handled by the python module .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  function   purging
truth:  function   iff

test:  computes the circular central moment of a sound .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  gets the absolute version of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  checks if a user has access to the current user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  return an rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  template tag for the stylesheet .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  knapsack for the units .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  knapsack   pulls
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  makes settings to matplotlib units .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   shortens
truth:  register   classes

test:  update translations file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   gauss
truth:  update   strings

test:  converts dtype types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  converts   verify
truth:  converts   stata

test:  parses a string to a number of identifier .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  passes   reencrypt
truth:  passes   start

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   skipped
truth:  calculate   use

test:  return matching base list of regular expressions .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  obtains a variable to a variable of shape .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  pulls   shortcut
truth:  pulls   var

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get encoding preferred for environment variables .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  alias for storing the cache object .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  removes   suggest
truth:  removes   folder

test:  adds a new set of two floating status to a feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns the status of the registered peers .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convert input image to a numpy copy .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  creates a virtual port port on the qutebrowser server .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  extends the requested group of email scores .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  is   map
truth:  is   implementation

test:  return true if the current user has permission to add a new attachment under staff .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  returns a 28x28x[number of mnist images] matrix containing the labels .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  list all repos in the specified repo that do not raise an exception .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  find all log tests .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  load   unload
truth:  load   client

test:  return the default stim type for a given conf type .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  validate an event instance .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   rescales
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  checks if a user has access to the current user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  add intersections from loop to width .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  remove meta from requests to a comma-separated command line .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  resolve a file or directory like it does not exist .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  asserts   define
truth:  asserts   path

test:  send a helpful application instance from the given parse() file .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns a set of all the defined settings for the specified settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  update an archive repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   commit
truth:  update   repository

test:  create a low-level dissassociates subclass for a query .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the latest common case common to take a given snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  pick   snapshot

test:  skip a unique string for scatter items .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  slices   transliterate
truth:  slices   variable

test:  returns a list of language codes for a given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  disassociate all qos specs for a given qos_specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  return the configured oslo_messaging server .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  establish   trivial
truth:  establish   connection

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters covariances : the x .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   cleaning
truth:  estimate   matrix

test:  determine whether there are installed for the specified package that packages be installed .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  read each line of the pin file .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  extract the prepend bit set in a structured structured bytes .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  prepend   inform
truth:  prepend   entry

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   drawing
truth:  submit   tags

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   lets
truth:  is   handler

test:  status view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a collection .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   flattening
truth:  pull   field

test:  converts a partition name from a description .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  describe   currents
truth:  describe   state

test:  make sure the given message was logged in the test suite .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  test to ensure that all files can be used on a valid file .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   binhexed
truth:  return   tests

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  updates an address of the autentication module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  returns a tuple of two independent pieces in the running totals .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  get the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  compare   orthoganlize
truth:  compare   hash

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  use this function to generate a single field object .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  see   tear
truth:  see   module

test:  attempts to find the latest shells on the given shells .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   generating
truth:  return   shell

test:  prompt the user for a variable .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  place a database under migration migration migration .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  generate a new url for a given moved .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  function   deflate
truth:  function   config

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   turn
truth:  translate   case

test:  given an iterables and a list of iterables .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  synchronize   constant_expression_opt
truth:  synchronize   iterables

test:  return whether error is used .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  warn   pulls
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the first item in sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the logins parameters from the data .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  attempts to get rid of a vm on a user by a given id .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  testcase for py2exe logic .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  using   using
truth:  using   hack

test:  get an unsorted link for a list of targets .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  clear   generate
truth:  clear   users

test:  fixture that provides a store_fs where pootle_path and calls are created .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  create   unleash
truth:  create   store

test:  concatenate an iterable for the given iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  construct the first filter on a system .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  pulls   locate
truth:  pulls   filtering

test:  return a list of command-line arguments to use in the cups point .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  construct   instantiate
truth:  construct   arguments

test:  return a list of the items in the system .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   branching
truth:  get   progress

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer function works .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  return the current status cli example: .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  show   clones
truth:  show   server

test:  prints a string to the current line of a text and then balance .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  wrap   drawing
truth:  wrap   tags

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   serialize
truth:  parses   str

test:  takes a wsgi application .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  pulls   updates
truth:  pulls   wsgi

test:  clean an absolute path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  accepts   define
truth:  accepts   path

test:  return an emergency free by length .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  does   rect
truth:  does   work

test:  convert a binary string to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   tracked
truth:  convert   s

test:  returns a string identifying the first album of an object .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  truncate argument-string to !!omap .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter project .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   determine
truth:  return   projects

test:  signal the arguments passed to a nested arguments .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  assuming   tell
truth:  assuming   signature

test:  run the background process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns the default everything .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   sqlmap
truth:  get   limit

test:  it should download dependencies for pip wheel archive dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  competency of fstruct1 .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the specified service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   backup
truth:  show   properties

test:  please exist .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  a decorator for reuse the tests .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  defines   reported
truth:  defines   function

test:  yaml: builders-from this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each url .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  entry point for the admin device .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   reported
truth:  point   function

test:  return a slice for attribute-dependent purposes .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  slice   pandas
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return a new unique indentation level .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  return all data for the specified user .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  resolve a python cache path .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  ensure   phred
truth:  ensure   caches

test:  decorator for checking if a list of subtest or not .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  insert an environment variables into the environment root argument .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  supply   retain
truth:  supply   platform

test:  get best comments for a and b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  removes files needed to be used in the gen_py .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  construct a configparser object from a given compiler .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   dst
truth:  compile   c

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  pulls   attacked
truth:  pulls   stats

test:  redirect to requests .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  generate   asserting
truth:  generate   redirect

test:  upload a list of refs to the refs .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  pull   pulls
truth:  pull   null

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements {% display_action announcements %} .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  concatenate multiple results together .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  concatenate   mounts
truth:  concatenate   objects

test:  uninstall a resource .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   negate
truth:  query   resource

test:  parse out the http header into http keqv header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  helper function to log each element of an array .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  computes   landing
truth:  computes   sum

test:  return the fast coefficient for key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  trimmed   extract
truth:  trimmed   version

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   contrasts
truth:  compute   digest

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  signal that this variable extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  outputs a list of resource nodes .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  receive a serialized message .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   extracts
truth:  receive   socket

test:  are we being asked to look up a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  min-max softmax of a softmax window .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   checkout
truth:  compute   way

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or bytes in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  get the value of string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  return any valid eat code .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  read   flattening
truth:  read   field

test:  convert a value to a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  omnibus linear interpolation .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  consume advance the iterator of the 1) line .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  formats the duration of dev_appserver .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  format   suppresses
truth:  format   seconds

test:  utility function to check request headers .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  lettuce that the colorless contains a feature table with verbosity colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  test basic correctness .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns major version from version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns information about the course assigned to the xblocks xblocks state .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  test fill option .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  returns the task status for a given instructortask object .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  helper to nearest meg values .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return true if the given path is a symlink on the current operating system .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  checks whether two arrays are equal .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  create a deferred and adds it to the given result .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   cie
truth:  skip   predicate

test:  clear the delete method .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  error   lets
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  delete the hosts .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  start the windows time service service service :return: boolean value of the current machine service to use cli example: .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  most similar to the current pages pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  load the windows data .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  multiply the either gettext tree or rasied a tree .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   configured
truth:  parse   tree

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   colorized
truth:  construct   context

test:  return the list of supported language .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   flip
truth:  select   python

test:  unpack dict of code into files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   paging
truth:  attaches   interface

test:  create a proxy function that retrieves a subclass of low-level argument into a subclass .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   distribute
truth:  instantiate   proxy

test:  return the matches matches against the minion .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   coupling
truth:  search   target

test:  recursively traverse a zip file in all the files .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   disconnects
truth:  compress   dir

test:  w/ w/ bad operations are handled by default .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the model data in the subtree .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  form   restoring
truth:  form   data

test:  returns the sentence article string .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  decide   pulls
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns the value of a user header .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  given   assume
truth:  given   header

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  checks that the given version is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   name

test:  replace any replace exception .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  reads the context for the current user .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   hanging
truth:  adds   variables

test:  minimize a function using the downhill minimize algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   reported
truth:  minimize   function

test:  parse controls controls from xml root of the requested bundle .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  get   autoencoder
truth:  get   xml

test:  sphinx a configuration file for the given filename .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   repository

test:  given a valid exploration ids .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create a new api that spawns a specified persistence service .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  solves bernoulli differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  use pexpect to retrieve show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  mock setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  returns the matrix multiplication between scalars and +180 .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   packs
truth:  returns   transpose

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  guess certname information .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   trailing
truth:  get   flag

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  decorator for functions that start with a generator .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  construct an internal os name from the backend .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   recover
truth:  uninstall   gems

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  this function can transform a series of strings to one or more edit it is still [0 .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   renders
truth:  transforms   series

test:  get the line index of the lines and index in the line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   limiting
truth:  parse   order

test:  create a new computenode and convert the the the values dictionary .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  get list of available brew .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   inputs
truth:  remove   monitor

test:  attempts to validate that the supplied python source is utf-8 .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  gets a phone number for the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get a dict of the metadata vcode .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  get all available rules .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   globals

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  remove blank lines and eliot to match the input logger .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the successive genslices genslices genslices .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   redefine
truth:  generate   slices

test:  converts the next big-endian sequence for an ip address to decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  convert seconds since epoch to iso 8601 format string .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  check the ipmi report of the fast vm .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   optimize
truth:  report   quotas

test:  extract the current message .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replace   crack
truth:  replace   _

test:  yaml: tox this trigger allows you to define "weight" on each build .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it should extract the repr string from the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  implements   crack
truth:  implements   _

test:  test two different newlines from an ndarray .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts the canonical form of a path to a dotted directory .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   define
truth:  converts   path

test:  return the url to remove_tag_async for question 1 .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  decode a bson oid to python 2 .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   locking
truth:  decode   bson

test:  yield paths/uris of a step log path .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  position selinux using the _tricube position .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   publish
truth:  generate   graph

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add cylinder triangle mesh for negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  show a namedtuple of lines not in a namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   install
truth:  asserts   response

test:  fetches an query and return a list of parameters .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   xlsx
truth:  fetch   query

test:  copy tag to package_dirpath .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  persist   forms
truth:  persist   result

test:  removes parameters and tk bit from params .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   populates
truth:  append   params

test:  verify that the optimized format have not been opened .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get datastore configuration from a datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  open and return a handle .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   bring
truth:  open   page

test:  this is a generator of parsed tuples of groups .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  extracts the line number for an optional binary buffer x .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add pillars output .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   throw
truth:  add   x

test:  fixture that returns a lock object .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  blocking   unlinks
truth:  blocking   fixture

test:  helper function to create a com object that can fire to all the one specified by the default .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  verifies that a certificate is valid for the given certificate to create a certificate .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   post_save
truth:  looks   metadata

test:  this function tries to do the linearoperator info in the registry .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  prints   minpoly(add
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up an flow object information about requested scopes .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  retrieves   encapsulate
truth:  retrieves   instance

test:  skirt the fill file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  return the steam result of a template with the given karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this should not have a good error .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  m   cleaning
truth:  m   matrix

test:  takes a cron file to determine if the cron has a cron platform .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  decorator for ticket parameters .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  iterate over files in the given directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   unlocking
truth:  iterate   source

test:  configures the platform .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a query containing python widgets .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  extract   generating
truth:  extract   shell

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  mask function to check if two human-readable strings are shifted .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  implements   control
truth:  implements   generation

test:  validate children .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   banned
truth:  validate   children

test:  create a script in a subprocess .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  read a file and patch it in a different format .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf data .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   abort
truth:  return   raster

test:  returns a tuple of for pep8 violations .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  marks strings for translation but doesnt translate them now .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns none if an error occurs .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  parse   purge
truth:  parse   requirements

test:  get any new elements and process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   eliminates
truth:  get   elements

test:  replace a few xml matrix with one instance .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   rearranges
truth:  ensure   import

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   protected
truth:  returns   urlconf

test:  convert the drawing mode of an image .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  resizes   rabins
truth:  resizes   bitmap

test:  delete an instance or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a list of unique substrings .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   initalize
truth:  returns   k

test:  get the gpu memory usage .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  pulls   modify
truth:  pulls   gpu

test:  setup the events for a specific plugin .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   bump
truth:  setup   definitions

test:  connect to a mongodb server or list of objects cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  get a specific sm backend config .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   replicate
truth:  get   sm

test:  parse repo_name information from the volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  determines which contact many times on application .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   knapsack
truth:  log   request

test:  wraps markdown tags .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   supports
truth:  normalizes   text

test:  connect to a database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  returns a rabbitmq version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  update   extract
truth:  update   version

test:  parabolic cylinder functions .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   annoy
truth:  compute   rank

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   takes
truth:  redirect   stream

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  verify   created
truth:  verify   mode

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   multivariate
truth:  test   blocks

test:  parse a user documentation and return the examples .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  annotate   failing
truth:  annotate   style

test:  add a user info to the status context .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   colorized
truth:  add   context

test:  strip plaintext characters from a plaintext .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   supports
truth:  strip   text

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return superimposition matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  slope a linear least squares fit for a vector .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the jupyter notebook script .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  gets the show id of the password to which the user is to .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generates a pyherion .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   extract
truth:  generates   version

test:  fix the modules .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   plugin
truth:  replace   division

test:  mark an as sonarqube .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   located
truth:  sets   method

test:  add the directory dir to the list dirlist if 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   disconnects
truth:  add   dir

test:  inspect a container container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  convenience function for creating a new string .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  mapping   mount
truth:  mapping   task

test:  return the mongo client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in packages .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  return   distribution

test:  commit a git tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  assert two strings are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  assert   childnodes
truth:  assert   timestamp

test:  simple page without template but with internationalization .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  generates   touch
truth:  generates   controller

test:  construct an attribute value from the given xml reference .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  equivalent to the full path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  normalize   define
truth:  normalize   path

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: new item form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for use with both threads and inlines .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  return the list of available rate limit .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  pass   unbinds
truth:  pass   exceptions

test:  converts an rgb color to an rgb color .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  return true if the named local path does not exist on the system .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   checkout

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  support   colorized
truth:  support   context

test:  getter up a function or raise an exception if set .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  performs the rsa cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if url is a valid url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  check whether x is equal to enough .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   convert
truth:  verify   sequences

test:  overriding overriding arg operations on new-style classes .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  pulls   ayoung
truth:  pulls   base

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  build the long description from a file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  a helper method to ping the device for an device .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  finds internal internal _write_pyc types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   autoreleased
truth:  register   types

test:  check the status message without waiting for a given payload .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  closes   pulls
truth:  closes   null

test:  detect a specific function by calling its __version__ .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   decorating
truth:  registers   log

test:  check to see if the given locale is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   kills
truth:  returns   assert

test:  copies a query to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   populates
truth:  copies   params

test:  remove gating prerequisite for the specified content usage key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   encoded
truth:  removes   milestone

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   describing
truth:  remove   listener

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   sleep
truth:  removes   files

test:  shut down the server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  internal helper function used to validate the encoding .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extracts an error messages from a method call .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as record .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  find the cumulative transformed transformed for a given column .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  return an httpresponse object for the given json storage .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   renders
truth:  render   series

test:  change process id argument for a file: of connected package .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  pyramid image to be a floating point number .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  smooth   forwards
truth:  smooth   image

test:  use processes so they get delete queries will correctly .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   expects
truth:  adds   queries

test:  test working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  test   coupling
truth:  test   target

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  a username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  compute gaussian euler of good number a minimal polynomial .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   clusters

test:  decorator for compile urls .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  warn   makes
truth:  warn   namespaces

test:  get the local node .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  rename the amount of items to destination .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   enrolls
truth:  renames   destination

test:  formats a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   bench
truth:  formats   value

test:  gives the version file .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  attempts   extract
truth:  attempts   version

test:  raise the appropriate error if the called found .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  write a table as a table with no field .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with greatest select full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  checking that ica types are valid .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   intersect
truth:  check   picks

test:  take a set of python data and create a string containing a gnu value for each key which can be identified by the api .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  return a dict describing the vms on the cloud provider .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  allow for parsing poll to be used in the substitution system .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   shed
truth:  convert   exception

test:  splits a string into an int .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  maps the current requests alias to a new character set .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  generate   assign
truth:  generate   requests

test:  return the path of a sibling file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   preload
truth:  read   content

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  clean out the context object .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  try   phred
truth:  try   caches

test:  return a random integer part of the integers a in hash_type of integers .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  raises an exception if the supplied namespace is not installed .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   printing
truth:  remove   locale

test:  saves current social-auth status .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   iterate
truth:  saves   auth

test:  updates profilers defaults to db .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  get the snapshots metadata for a given collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   contained
truth:  returns   snapshots

test:  set the local variables for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  return information about the clustermanager .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   batch
truth:  exchanges   code

test:  deprecated since public entities .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  helper: get a datetime from a month .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  extract   temperature
truth:  extract   date

test:  imported imported from a com server .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a generator .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  scan for automagically configurations .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  pulls   hide
truth:  pulls   distutils

test:  render the given template .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   storing
truth:  gets   template

test:  returns the region code that matches a specific country calling code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  run the tests .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the security groups in a virtual machine .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a given class .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   borrowed
truth:  declare   instances

test:  query active mounts for all active version .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  find results based on the given target code .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   registers
truth:  searches   product

test:  generates a random id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  take a string and return a tuple of query strings .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  returns a dict with non exploration models .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  helper for the passed in --add .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  check   permissions

test:  parse server headers .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  returns a list of ipv6 layout .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change every non-whitespace character of the given char to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  in the environment .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   optimized
truth:  get   script

test:  internal helper function for computing the pseudoinverse .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the appropriate mysql error .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  look   colorized
truth:  look   context

test:  create a ownership map from a group of rows .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   presents
truth:  builds   mapping

test:  ensure ast breaks breaks .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  ensure   gauss
truth:  ensure   strings

test:  compute the attenuation of a matrix or a set of strings parameters ripple : array_like .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  return the unicode text from the path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the given directory exists in the simulator zone .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  look a file-back instance with method name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  cast to byte strings .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  detect   tracked
truth:  detect   s

test:  tokenizes a comparing comparing and handle 6 lobster .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  finds an object to the search server .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hanging
truth:  find   variables

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of cls as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   crack
truth:  instantiate   _

test:  shortcut for change of quota_size .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   logout
truth:  callback   change

test:  returns the number of megacycles used for the api .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   deprecate
truth:  get   cpu

test:  unescapes a string that may contain commas .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generate old style style style images .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   sleep
truth:  rename   files

test:  require the templates/project0/ .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  train "comment summary of a session .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  parse the info from a response to a dict .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   forms
truth:  parse   result

test:  returns changes changes in an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  function used as file_map plugins .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  compute the p-th power spectral density function .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  ask a ldap text and return a user .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   enumerator_list
truth:  prompts   confirmation

test:  no error .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a scenario string with lines should extract lines from the scenario .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a tag from a list of tuples .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   drawing
truth:  parse   tags

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  check   delay
truth:  check   conda

test:  debug/test function for the revamped import system .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the most recent extensions .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   shortens
truth:  get   classes

test:  merge a profiles string into a profiles .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  converts   stores
truth:  converts   name

test:  render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  get a relaxed average in a sequence of relaxed values .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  add the cache of the cache and installs it to the vm .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  get a media permissions on a user .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  loads all tests from a pattern .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  provide   browse
truth:  provide   testsuite

test:  list lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   decoding
truth:  show   lists

test:  prints all information sysconfig detains .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   revoked
truth:  prints   details

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  compare two strings .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  gets the deprecation statement .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run images .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   extract
truth:  run   version

test:  update an computenode record and update them .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  remove all directories from a node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   banned
truth:  remove   children

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   included
truth:  pooling   cudnn

test:  return true if the similarity similarity is visible or not .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   named
truth:  setup   z

test:  return file in dictionary is: .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  grab   switch
truth:  grab   list

test:  construct a dict of raw headers .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   stubbed
truth:  parse   headers

test:  send email to inform accept .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  a view that can be updated with a new user .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  helper to create a character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  wrap   mail
truth:  wrap   creation

test:  win32 to call a callable with the given timeout .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  returns a list of path components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  return   components

test:  transform a regex from a string .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  pulls   opened
truth:  pulls   re

test:  set the default gc on a port .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  splits a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the top .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  add a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   clones
truth:  add   server

test:  make a hatch hatch map and credentials .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a colormap instance for a sequence of cmap execution order .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  stop a specified container container id cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  converts an instance to a dict .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  convert   pushing
truth:  convert   model

test:  retrieve symbol from the service .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  download   post_save
truth:  download   metadata

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  remove   users

test:  calculate code combinations of code string .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 collection .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  pulls   parameterize
truth:  pulls   integers

test:  enable the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  get a crafted text .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  construct a unique account from a list of fields .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   pulls
truth:  talk   null

test:  returns the character asian? .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  gets the deprecation line corresponding to the output .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  returns the number of words in a string .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   minpoly(add
truth:  count   words

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   cloning
truth:  load   github

test:  loads the given template_name and returns a dataset instance .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  find the domain based on the result of the specified domain .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  given   union
truth:  given   domain

test:  returns website users .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  call monomials as xxdot .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   smooth
truth:  call   vector

test:  the main implementation of the second cost is a child model .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  verify that the given environment is a valid package and its status errors .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  builder for options request object options .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  default   pulls
truth:  default   null

test:  check number of lanczos .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   pickles
truth:  check   reverse

test:  a decorator to set a modifier function .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  if the attribute has a method that match a any given cacheing node .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  match   looping
truth:  match   node

test:  test if passing passing a default value for target target .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return predefined error based on execute_table5 .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  apply the image to a palette .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  get   resume
truth:  get   pil

test:  create a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  turn a dictionary of files into a information .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   tile
truth:  parses   information

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  add attributes to a type specified by the type and name of its type .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   dedent
truth:  add   printer

test:  restful crud controller for flasks filtered by role_required .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  compute the reciprocal of x and y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  returns the default stream for byte processing .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  loads tasks from all tasks as defined in sequence of tasks .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  delete one inventory .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  add a certificate private key certificate .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in xml .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  merge multiple dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  given a host and a string .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  cast a filename into a string .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  verify that value is a valid requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a new shadow type object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  create a container on the given image and delete it .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   satisfy
truth:  create   container

test:  returns the response headers .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   stubbed
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get the value of a package id .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  pulls   wrapping
truth:  pulls   handle

test:  manage changed .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   navigates
truth:  run   cron

test:  run command line execution .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   downgrades
truth:  command   point

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  return the native file .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  perform any argument value coercion necessary for tls client parameters .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  set the rate limit for the given rate limiting = interval .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  enable   formatted
truth:  enable   rate

test:  entry point .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns the maximum of an array or the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  return current minimum tmux output .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  place a database under migration control .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   basestring
truth:  place   migration

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  list all languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  takes a template and renders it with a different descriptors .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  extracts and returns a case depending on the given argument .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   localize
truth:  makes   reference

test:  return the deployment_config_file deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   killed
truth:  retrieves   network

test:  gets the class of the template attribute .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  splits the given url into .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse floats and return .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create copy of a static file .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  minify   receiving
truth:  minify   js

test:  set up the netatmo devices .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  make a testcase into ifilesystemsnapshots and tests for each ifilesystemsnapshots .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   reflect
truth:  create   testcase

test:  rc4 decryption of encoded data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  rc4   customized
truth:  rc4   salt

test:  write the .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   labeled
truth:  analyze   file

test:  adds the given clauseelement and populate it with the given *nditerty* .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  used   supplied
truth:  used   api

test:  get the jupyter info about the most recent values .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  verify that a gem ruby is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test installing from a release using a relative install .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  verify that the stack is a valid axis .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  stack   pulls
truth:  stack   null

test:  get the process information for a process .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   embedded
truth:  test   example

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   resolving
truth:  update   defaults

test:  convert to a matrix of arrays .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  builds   divides
truth:  builds   matrices

test:  retrieves all ansible .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  cycle through all the path should be ignored .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  emulate   pings
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  no-op run the test suite with the given test .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  helper function to ensure that chaining the nullable type correctly handles a variety diagram .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  update an object or raise if it or object doesnt exist or not found .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   enhanced
truth:  update   object

test:  list matplotlib backend for all matplotlib backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  writeable file object that atomically updates a file .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  open   enhanced
truth:  open   object

test:  load an image from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  parses a file content .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  convenience function for creating a context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  parses the options for a command line option and returns a list containing the options .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  used   float
truth:  used   decorator

test:  command : print expr equals expr .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   display
truth:  command   print

test:  load branch and deploy from config .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  deploy   cloning
truth:  deploy   github

test:  returns the item item from doc doc doc .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  fetch   bounds
truth:  fetch   table

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  function used to mark functions .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a csv file from a list of padding .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  read   store
truth:  read   memory

test:  setup global help help with local sites .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   bounds
truth:  setup   table

test:  takes a public keypair flattens a record .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   unlock
truth:  generate   keypair

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  test   equalize
truth:  test   email

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outline   del
truth:  outline   gcode

test:  strips the day summary .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  validate that the [start:end] extension is a valid padlen pad for the [start:end] extension .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  pulls   visit
truth:  pulls   padding

test:  returns the length of both strings and comparing them .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  string   databook
truth:  string   comparison

test:  return the number of non-zero values of an array of x .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   restrict
truth:  compute   array

test:  a factory method that is inside a inside a inside one .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  validates markdown qtreewidgetitem of markdown .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   supports
truth:  escapes   text

test:  solves separable 1st order differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  parse an error message in the database .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  tests that the files in a directory .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   allowed
truth:  connect   aws

test:  deletes the item for a given user .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   bdecodes
truth:  deletes   xblock

test:  extract module_content data from the response .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  for debugging .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  debugging   reported
truth:  debugging   function

test:  retrieves the resource xml .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  split a string of an expression and split it into a numpy expression .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   rrmgr
truth:  split   threshold

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  same as the but for use in a save_config .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  check the default hook on the system .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  perform a piece of the piece command on the given date .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  check   temperature
truth:  check   date

test:  expression : assignment_expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   pulls
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  return hardware information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a specific tenants cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  helper function for the fspecial functions .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  pulls   increment
truth:  pulls   gradient

test:  signal resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  parse the footer and return available links .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a deferred .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete table where and setting vars values are calculated .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  deletes   bounds
truth:  deletes   table

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  get a platform-agnostic 2-tuple of the absolute paths of the top-level external data directories for both tcl and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  test column with all keys converted to positive groups .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  compute md5 hash of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   equalize
truth:  email   email

test:  runs an example module in the __main__ .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   tear
truth:  run   module

test:  how many times does q fit into a orphaned integer a and q .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  a zookeeper to access currency data structures .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  download the current mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   startup
truth:  downloads   mission

test:  generic function to add appropriate values to functions and kwargs after a certain specification .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  calls   fn

test:  a string containing a tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  set   providing
truth:  set   tensor

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  force a file reference to disk .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  read   mounts
truth:  read   objects

test:  return status of a appropriate plugin instance .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   identifies
truth:  set   plugin

test:  set the system module of the kernel is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  load   windows

test:  copy one volume from the provided volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   aligns
truth:  copy   volume

test:  get the icondata of the window .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  sets   resizes
truth:  sets   icon

test:  translate a bunch of lists into a new block request .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  constructs   cleaning
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  creates a sailthru list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  load the specified logger .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  return the normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  validate that the path is a portname based on the container .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively obfuscate a sequence of integers .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  recursive   autoreleased
truth:  recursive   types

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  pulls   input
truth:  pulls   generators

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to force season or not .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   bartels
truth:  filters   contents

test:  find our norm of our locations and support a awareness attribute .
truth: if present . 
test:  present   pulls
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain based on the current site .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding table .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   usage
truth:  move   rows

test:  make a client .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  expand   overlay
truth:  expand   func

test:  list groups for groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   decide
truth:  list   groups

test:  extract a model instance from a double-precision column .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  express   restoring
truth:  express   data

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of seqs in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   persists
truth:  return   subsequence

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get roles of a user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  break tuple of properties .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  traverse   safe_octal
truth:  traverse   class

test:  returns the slug for the given slug .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  given   logarithmic
truth:  given   slug

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   display
truth:  like   print

test:  register a trophytype subclass .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   shows
truth:  register   subclass

test:  raises frappe if the given user can be edited .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   gunicorn
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  set the emails info cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   modbus
truth:  creates   cookie

test:  return an iterable of scripts from the course .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   aliased
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  contains   exposes
truth:  contains   values

test:  create a class from a given class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  handles a tensor .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  transform   centers
truth:  transform   labels

test:  mangle a named group .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   stores
truth:  mangle   name

test:  creates a document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  univariate series expansion of univariate polynomials in the first order of the series timescaling: .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   renders
truth:  function   series

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  computes the maximum of the minimum along an axis .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  outputs a line of text values from the given tornado .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list  l .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show idle-format warning after replacing warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   eventlet
truth:  show   warning

test:  convenience function to create a new db for the given value .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  initialize the helptopic completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   pushing
truth:  initialize   model

test:  extracts any map of text from the given string .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  update the state of the current thread .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   mount
truth:  update   task

test:  locate any multipart/form-data variables from the proc query .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   closes
truth:  return   +

test:  get the fabmetheus directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two strings .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  helper method to start the modbus async serial server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  build a galaxy dictionary for queue() .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   restoring
truth:  builds   data

test:  create a terms with zero coefficients of f and g .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  execute the multiprocessing on a specific minion cli example: .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  set the 'success' argument .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  find the functions where elements of the given node .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   incoming
truth:  find   op

test:  return a list of the most similar to desc .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   loads
truth:  display   changes

test:  convert a number to a int .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  decorator for converting service command .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  project add form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  project   r^2
truth:  project   form

test:  verify that the unique and returns true if arrays are equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  remove via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  return boolean series/array whether string indicates indicates whether string ends with pattern .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   printed
truth:  replace   pattern

test:  download a url to the downloads downloads area .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  install the virtual environment for the given revision .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   unquoting
truth:  install   environment

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   exposes
truth:  accepts   values

test:  helper to check the candidate tempdir directory for automatic os .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  load all users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   spawn
truth:  configures   devices

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   pyopenssls
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  partial release complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   alignment
truth:  release   section

test:  yields a blob that resets the state of the test completes .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  adds a task to a queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  shortcut   mount
truth:  shortcut   task

test:  compute geo distance between two ranges .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  pulls   algorithm
truth:  pulls   points

test:  convert a filename to a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  test subunit output teardown .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  remove an element from a point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   uncheck
truth:  remove   element

test:  get a numpy dtype .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   embeds
truth:  converts   pandas

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  creates an argument limit on the given spec .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  test whether a name matches a tuple of matching name .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  tests   stores
truth:  tests   name

test:  check the value of a string .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  validate   listen
truth:  validate   key

test:  calculate the resolver .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  a single bundle patching the same bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  test datetime validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  set the current vary header .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  add   assume
truth:  add   header

test:  signs a query string by hashing .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   offset
truth:  sign   parameters

test:  a wrapper for the post to initialize the post .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  extend   currents
truth:  extend   state

test:  converts the callback returned by rfc 2822 xml entities .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  translate   bench
truth:  translate   value

test:  run unit-tests using hex variables .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   takes
truth:  scan   stream

test:  an http calledback .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  run correlation tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  non-differentiable logarithmic logarithmic loss .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  returns true if a course is cohorted and its registration .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of unique list of all unique keys .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  create   arrays

test:  default java-style java-style .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  check whether socket are supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   win
truth:  check   sockets

test:  show config .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  change   freezing
truth:  change   configuration

test:  collect and collect a valid master .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   load

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   deserialize
truth:  respond   csv

test:  declares a flag as key for the calling module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   enhanced
truth:  registers   object

test:  returns the basic value of a buffer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  return openshift version .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   causes
truth:  get   openshift

test:  returns the input matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   throttle
truth:  return   unit

test:  generate info of a page .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  quotes a string so that it can be used as an array with the file id .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get the currently set on a queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  attempts   urlencode
truth:  attempts   item

test:  returns a password for the pbkdf2 hash of the hash algorithm .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  return   terminate
truth:  return   password

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  convert a timedelta .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  list all oauth application .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  function   engulfing
truth:  function   coding

test:  calculate the measure product of a sequence of polygon .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  recursively set a backendentry class from the provided mode .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  map   pending
truth:  map   default

test:  returns the mac address on associated interface .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a free disk for a given system .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  gemm computing an tan tan .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  delete an in-memory token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  removes   enhanced
truth:  removes   object

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  combines   review
truth:  combines   keys

test:  creates an exception .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  run code for gpsd grains .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  check   match
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write a commented gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  helper to scale bem surface from src .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  scale   labeled
truth:  scale   file

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  check   archive
truth:  check   member

test:  check if the user is absolute .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  reverse   overlay
truth:  reverse   func

test:  returns a dictionary of information about the requested *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  checks   estimating
truth:  checks   domains

test:  reconstruct the type and reconstruct values table: the type .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  reconstruct   enhanced
truth:  reconstruct   object

test:  turn a class name into a class .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  makes   safe_octal
truth:  makes   class

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix length .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   gauss
truth:  compares   strings

test:  draw the networkx graph g .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   aliased
truth:  attach   json

test:  return dictionary of betweenness centrality for nodes in a given undirected .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  same as a rshift b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  render the page to a page .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  adds   bring
truth:  adds   page

test:  save information about instance_type .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   dictview
truth:  save   instance_type

test:  returns a best .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   attached
truth:  returns   statistic

test:  initialize history .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  enable   remove
truth:  enable   history

test:  remove alpha from a string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  takes a string and pads it to the ascii length .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pads   shared
truth:  pads   string

test:  replace the last errors interrupt .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop the setuptools application .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   colorized
truth:  stops   context

test:  show number of lanczos indices in database .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  syntax checking: missing scenarios should not exist if a feature .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  pulls   splits
truth:  pulls   checking

test:  get a view from the provided request .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   iterate
truth:  get   auth

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  handle matrices by the matrix .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  plots histograms of pregnancy length for hists .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  create a nested function with the given name and nested theano theano function .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  this is a helper for warning_tests a with block stdin .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like print_exc() but return a list .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   applied
truth:  format   trace

test:  register a new test suite .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  upload   sleep
truth:  upload   files

test:  require the root site user .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handles   access
truth:  handles   url

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  creates a class that will create partial functions that are no init service .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  get a list of pending checks on the system .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  prints a warning .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  pulls   imageidfield
truth:  pulls   debugging

test:  list png slices .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that a file has a special order .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  pulls   accepting
truth:  pulls   e

test:  test checking out of an editable package .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  ranges a trail returns a tuple of valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   r^2
truth:  create   form

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build a random spans of sparse spans list .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  extract   shared
truth:  extract   string

test:  parses an authorized date format and returns a utc datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  given   temperature
truth:  given   date

test:  validate config .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   looping
truth:  accepts   node

test:  clean up any stubs that need cleanup .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  degree of degree .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   indicate
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  delete a login profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  deletes   plan
truth:  deletes   profile

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  read tag from file and return as list .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   building
truth:  read   tag

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  configure flocker agent for the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   decompresses
truth:  configure   flocker

test:  replace a knot vector with the raise the style tuple .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  sort   restrict
truth:  sort   array

test:  convert a dictionary mapping values to a list of dictionaries .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  return a list of all cache groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the requested path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  prepend   pulls
truth:  prepend   null

test:  extract user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restore references to a ccx to collections of collections .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   weblate
truth:  restore   references

test:  ishow all the figures and enter the fltk for should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  check if variable has a user-provided variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  check   transliterate
truth:  check   variable

test:  suggest column names on table columns and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  returns true if the patch is available .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  scaled mag - either i or the size of the first dimension .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  resets the top logging by one .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  function to unique_everseen a typing or a string .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  remove   stores
truth:  remove   name

test:  ask menu .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  generate   preselected
truth:  generate   choice

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   reorders
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  apply the sensible on the datastore .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  like :func:dumps but return the known dimension of the input return a tuple .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  select   clones
truth:  select   server

test:  generate the users page for the text that a particular profile has the last call to .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  responds   simulating
truth:  responds   input

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  not the case of the arguments .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts an unload hook into an application processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  converts   belong
truth:  converts   hook

test:  wrapper around inject .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  set process command line fp .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  execute a mime-type directly on a specific database .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  test that an exception not built into an exception .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  pull out point-wise slices from a list of tuples .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  pulls   sympy
truth:  pulls   slice

test:  ensure the pricing module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  training controller - used for searching for participants .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   touch
truth:  training   controller

test:  decode a string using the url- and combines it such a list of ascii bytes .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  chops   pulls
truth:  chops   null

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  scan a postfix submission of pem log line with the given submission .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  test for get word from java file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test remove_from_figure with tight_layout .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  tests   thinks
truth:  tests   issue

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  enable the named container to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  pauses test .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  get all other containers in a deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  turn   currents
truth:  turn   state

test:  handle clicks on label .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  select   go
truth:  select   channels

test:  warning: the application engine .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  a helper function for computing the entropy argument to the default format .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  cast all returned strings to a string .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  string   padded
truth:  string   evaluation

test:  completely clear the minion cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   sleep
truth:  clear   files

test:  convenience method for creating a control list .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  helper function for apply to a function .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  apply   overlay
truth:  apply   func

test:  return the path for a disk image file .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the successfully .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  attempts   guessing
truth:  attempts   namespace

test:  return a scalar for two generic scalar and b which are equal .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to mark a function into a class .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   filters
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write a component signal to a file .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  write   component

test:  gets a summary of the user to display the summary of a article .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test freezing an editable using a setup .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return the number of events in batches of events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  shift   rescales
truth:  shift   event

test:  receives a model instance .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  generate a symbol for a sequence of lists .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  create a event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  a context manager which changes the current buffer to the next two lines of a temporary file .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  used   compresses
truth:  used   statement

test:  change the group and group id of a specific user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   theorem
truth:  change   privileges

test:  compute spherical bessel function jn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert a string .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  run all the benchmarks on the minion .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  removes   revoke
truth:  removes   collections

test:  decode a string into the number arguments: - string: the alphabet to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   ayoung
truth:  decode   base

test:  check that each environment is present or for the current schema .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns the distribution and url for the specified course .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  return   pivoted
truth:  return   place

test:  return a list of all karma objects .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   aristas
truth:  return   titles

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a helper function to check if a role exists .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  this function checks if the github version of a newer cache .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   bandstop
truth:  check   release

test:  get a list of os x tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  attempts to find an ca ca certificate in the make sure no file exists .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a string type .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  preprocessing   teardown
truth:  preprocessing   type

test:  create a symlink at path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  a simple generator that can be used to compute the accumulated group of n elements .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  test to make sure our representation can be right right representation .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  remove a review request for a fieldset .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   entries
truth:  unregister   review

test:  returns the path .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  delete attachment_specs for the specified attachment record .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  dynamically load a module into a lexer or all lexers .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   unlocks
truth:  load   lexer

test:  parse the command line and return a copy of the options .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the received attributes .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  translate   create

test:  delete a s3 key from s3 .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  function   mixing
truth:  function   cleanup

test:  default question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse a text .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  convert   check

test:  same as a timezone .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   support
truth:  accepts   time

test:  set an alert to the lamp .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  decorator to convert func to a readable format .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  when given a callable .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  calculate   listen
truth:  calculate   key

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to format a file on markdown .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return the number of dbref that are equal to 10 and this version .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  see :meth: .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  evaluates   binhexed
truth:  evaluates   tests

test:  test that the half of f with a theano variable .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   lift
truth:  test   behaviour

test:  extraordinary module argument converts bad values to correct module .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  checks   retrive
truth:  checks   checks

test:  randomly choose the input vector values for the matrix .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  corrupts   smooth
truth:  corrupts   vector

test:  generate between other statements .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the info structure for an account .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   differentiate
truth:  get   accounts

test:  decorator for marking a function or method abstract a callable .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the list of available images from the input distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  trigger background events for a site .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   challengenes
truth:  trigger   hooks

test:  add a contributor to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   failed
truth:  add   contributor

test:  require an existing module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   deflate
truth:  save   config

test:  gets the number of bytes in a human-readable format .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  runs a dummy tests with the executed application .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   rect
truth:  run   work

test:  latency the messages on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  echo   prioritized
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper for hub page titles .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  return an unordered list of changeset_revisions and changeset metadata files for the received repository changelog .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  pass in unicode to unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  example: when a command contains a plain text .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  construct a string from a hash object .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  test column column for column within table qtable .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  replace   mutate
truth:  replace   column

test:  return start date for given year .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   reencrypt
truth:  returns   start

test:  set the openid response for a given response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  steps that match groups takes named .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  converts expr to a string .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   express
truth:  renames   -

test:  return the version string for a given version of compatability containing flocker .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  parse   extract
truth:  parse   version

test:  function which performs the decorated function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   ignores
truth:  read   meg

test:  check the inverse of enum components .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  parses the xenserver address string from networkdevice server .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  parse   receives
truth:  parse   port

test:  creates an access token for use in configuring .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  access   emit
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name of the index for a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  select a list of paths from the provided paths .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  restful crud controller for resource .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if symmetric exists .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  run a command as a remote host .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   allocate
truth:  run   user

test:  a keystone client for creating a keystone key .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  computes the continuous l2 view of f .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  projects   reported
truth:  projects   function

test:  simple way to check if ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  get the absolute area of a vector3 polygon .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   clamp
truth:  get   area

test:  check if the label is available .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   translates
truth:  sets   flags

test:  decorator to make sure that an api is available .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  return a key from the subtitle subtitles of g .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  link to the validation .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  given   increase
truth:  given   nodes

test:  load load two linear coordinates .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  give   overwrites
truth:  give   shape

test:  return matching the args of a function .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue return them .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   pulls
truth:  pop   null

test:  evaluate input .
truth: input data . 
test:  input   restoring
truth:  input   data

test:  a decorator that facilitates the supplied arguments .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  test installing from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get the gpg or framework gpg of the given gpg .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   absorb
truth:  return   gpg

test:  implement a getattr() .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  sends a list of workers .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  format   files

test:  a simple login protected view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  return the object to use for objects .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   enhanced
truth:  serializes   object

test:  implementation of potential energy of a binary system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  pulls   humanized
truth:  pulls   energy

test:  convert any option strings to a dict .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  returns a way to store a bban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  returns   account

test:  grab a job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   constructs
truth:  grab   lock

test:  concatenate two items .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   extract
truth:  prints   version

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   mixing
truth:  used   cleanup

test:  registers an entry from a dictionary .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  helper function to get a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  get   overriding
truth:  get   dimension

test:  sync a class instance using the isnt class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  serialize   pushing
truth:  serialize   model

test:  get a configuration options from the default configuration options .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  remove the logged-in manager .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  pulls   shutdown
truth:  pulls   tables

test:  return true if the named service exists cli example: .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  query   hostname
truth:  query   vm

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  challenges a authentication key for a authentication key .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get errors that need to be passed via the python random errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   ssl
truth:  returns   errors

test:  utility method to delete a temporary file that will be deleted on the current testing .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  provides a running system needs to be installed on the system .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  determines   grouping
truth:  determines   system

test:  set the copy/paste data for the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  set   filter_template
truth:  set   clipboard

test:  for pxe use .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  check that a slug name exists .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  escape mr characters in the form of a column .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns project object based on its project .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  application-specific with a volume .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  merge a bunch of hash option into a single string .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  given   bench
truth:  given   value

test:  addparentstofks on addparentstofks .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  calculate the last modified date of a space .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  guess   pulls
truth:  guess   null

test:  iterates over a number of objects .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  tear down a module .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  makes a increasing passed file .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   applied
truth:  makes   trace

test:  return full version from a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set the android context of a media player object .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  return the list of events to render a request to .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return the nth variance of the values lie primitive distribution .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  extracts the code from the given python code string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the filter impulse impulse .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  mean   forget
truth:  mean   inverse

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   mix
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string like "2004-08-30 into a tuple .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   address
truth:  parses   sqlalchemy

test:  check all least squares problems .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  grabs   unmap
truth:  grabs   descriptors

test:  test for commutativity of sharedmethod .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return dictionary with setter objects converted to field instances .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a complex with complex path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the indptr field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  locate the string s where expression is a binary string .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  checking   tracked
truth:  checking   s

test:  compute harris corner color for a given start image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   install
truth:  compute   response

test:  get a random repr of obj .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   crack
truth:  get   _

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   restrict
truth:  prewitt   array

test:  makes the response .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  add a broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   moving
truth:  add   broadcast

test:  search for the directory tree by the which match the file .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   paging
truth:  url   interface

test:  delete a form .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  returns true if the given ip is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  given   receives
truth:  given   port

test:  add hosts to the enriched alias .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   preloading
truth:  add   host

test:  test relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  perform an a stream lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  items view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  sends an dry email address .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  copied   alteratives
truth:  copied   website

test:  facebook must not be used as a non-empty object .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  replace   emitting
truth:  replace   character

test:  load all scores from a file .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test only approximate items in an environment .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  win   pulls
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   gzip
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder hash of input .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  print   compressing
truth:  print   menu

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   cast
truth:  commits   transaction

test:  pool the geos name .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  specify   excluded
truth:  specify   party

test:  takes a transformation inside an list_identities queue .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   skipping
truth:  set   score

test:  a single locked topic .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  locked   stops
truth:  locked   topic

test:  return a list of all extensions extensions for file system .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   hydrate
truth:  get   core

test:  simple version of os .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disassociate all qos specs for given qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  get the name of a function .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  determine file type for imp .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  remove multiple whitespaces and whitespaces at the beginning and end of a test or whitespace .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  yaml: maven this action allows the user to create another build .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  modified   access
truth:  modified   url

test:  restores the plugin configs from the register config .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  create a regular expression string from a tableblock expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  return str in string *s* .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  test glir on text .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  check   flattens
truth:  check   output

test:  confirm that x is equivalent to the python version .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  helper function to test if a string represents a positive sequence .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : lbrace initializer_list rbrace | lbrace initializer_list comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   escapes
truth:  compute   student

test:  modify a default implementation for use in notifications .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  determine if the given signature matches an invalid one of the given ieee address .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the maximum of a number of ndarrays .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   collate
truth:  compute   box

test:  get the numa fit for a given instance .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  fit   impute
truth:  fit   topology

test:  tests that artemis123 only accepts input and properly .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  it can remove a script starting with a given status on a </script> .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  passing   uppercase
truth:  passing   harvest

test:  returns a matrix of milliseconds .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  validates the host mapping for a host .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   presents
truth:  validate   mapping

test:  analyzes the language-code to show .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  pulls   equate
truth:  pulls   browser

test:  compare two sequences: elements .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   eliminates
truth:  compare   elements

test:  create a dummy base url .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a tree is an dynamic tree .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a signal handler which expects an instance of the given model .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   constrain
truth:  clobber   attribute

test:  classify the internal function from a fits distance row .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   safe_octal
truth:  classify   class

test:  create square continuous random variable of a second kind .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  restores all table names from a table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  modifies   step
truth:  modifies   names

test:  return list of font files for each flake8 in the path .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  create a new bookmark with the given title .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   reallocation
truth:  create   collection

test:  helper to create a variable stored in a hamiltonian .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  attach   height
truth:  attach   lot

test:  converts a field into a numpy reference .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  copy   localize
truth:  copy   reference

test:  creates the extension for the specified extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  maps a list of installed cmd .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  mock   authorizes
truth:  mock   command

test:  check if a list is a single object .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the partial text with a none derived .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  update external default external options .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   forbid
truth:  update   options

test:  instantiates the global cache of appened .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   uncheck
truth:  choose   element

test:  ensure that everything loads correctly .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  files   sleep
truth:  files   files

test:  route route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  format   astring
truth:  format   route

test:  return logger code which resists the inserted revision .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  command : def id lparen expr rparen equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   search
truth:  command   d

test:  gets a list of the form of documents .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  decorator for skipping api functions .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a model level of matched phrases .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  construct   reported
truth:  construct   function

test:  fatemans gcd of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  transform a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  fill   labeled
truth:  fill   file

test:  get current hardware clock setting .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the files with the appropriate output of the element .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   flattens
truth:  asserts   output

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  records if they appear between two records are identical .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  a b^2 exponential .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   expect
truth:  create   body

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   base64
truth:  construct   ring

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  sets the useragent for the contact .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   reading
truth:  set   agent

test:  check to make sure the default test execution works .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  via a dummy resource mapping .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  hook   teardown
truth:  hook   type

test:  this function splits a leaf in chunks of abundance parameters expr : blaze or potential [/gs/]?bucket_name[/folder]*[/file]? .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   computation

test:  demonstrates verifying the user about their email address .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  delete a value from the device into a dictionary .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  override   statsd
truth:  override   timeout

test:  bump cache for product in case shop is not given all the cache products for the product is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  bump   eliminating
truth:  bump   cache

test:  cache is not yet been set .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  caching   pulls
truth:  caching   null

test:  returns a list of file sizes in the host .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper function to get tool value for a node that has a submit object .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  try to guess the path from sys .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  remove all files below the tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extracts a list of acl domain objects and values based on the given keys .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  represent   shutdown
truth:  represent   tables

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   whiteboard
truth:  encode   payload

test:  return a list of resources for the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   bans
truth:  return   resources

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  helper function to return the description of a list of lines for a resource .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  fallback scale and the value in the range [0 .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  scale   bench
truth:  scale   value

test:  yaml: rvm push rvm to assign rvm to the build .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   accept
truth:  pulls   env

test:  return the surface between 0 and the rd .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  pulls   carves
truth:  pulls   constraint

test:  wraps the application .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   grant
truth:  adds   power

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  use a folder to run the folder system .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  waits for cinder to subscribe using the same mailchimp as science .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  determine if a given file path is a valid image file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  load items by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  create a locale for new locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  connection string .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the task object for a given instructortask .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the user invoice for the given course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   serializes
truth:  gets   preferences

test:  save the multivaluedicts config file .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  convert   freezing
truth:  convert   configuration

test:  calculate the mulrowcol .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   highlight
truth:  multiplies   row

test:  base pprint for regular expression .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   unbinds
truth:  base   exceptions

test:  return the current scalar .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   adds
truth:  convert   r

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  true if remote configuration is savgol_filter() on the given toc .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   enhanced
truth:  detect   object

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  process the number of files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  files   point
truth:  files   status

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  disconnects thread behavior .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  return the file uri from the uri given a uri and an uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  generate nodes in g format that are on the graph g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  returns all templates and any templates in the given templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   pulls
truth:  command   null

test:  sample from argmax .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  retrieve a list of all quotas associated with a given quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   optimize
truth:  retrieve   quotas

test:  recursively convert a class to its keys .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  function   puts
truth:  function   canvas

test:  the main function for edf+ the loss between the target and the output: see :class:~torch .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  check the earths element to an encrypted migration migration .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  pulls   basestring
truth:  pulls   migration

test:  get a nullhandler logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add site queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  add   equalize
truth:  add   email

test:  returns the number of interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  pulls   demos
truth:  pulls   scan

test:  remove a single handler from a release list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  does the maximum of the vandenberghe x along an axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  decorator for functions used as argument to dragonfly a query .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the turan model of nodes in nodes .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   patterns

test:  read file with encoding and encoding .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  delete location credentials for swift uris between the encryption and unquoted forms .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   expose
truth:  migrate   credentials

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   base64
truth:  add   ring

test:  add a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  stop all workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  check   resulting
truth:  check   workers

test:  returns true if any of the marketing marketing link is in the marketing list .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  unlinks a description of length expected to tokenize .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  tokenize   shared
truth:  tokenize   string

test:  prints the pprint for a boolean and the principal output .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get the total number of *url* w .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test major dots with specified labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  test   dots

test:  get event strategy that are associated with a hot-wired .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  pulls   toggle
truth:  pulls   infinite

test:  ensure vm is running on the computenode name : string hostname of vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  starts   jitter
truth:  starts   guest

test:  clone a vdi by namespace .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  generic error message handler .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  transforms a querydict string using the url- library .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  transform   autoencoder
truth:  transform   xml

test:  same as a <<= b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  pulls   server_root
truth:  pulls   opts

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  helper function to authorize to login .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  obtain   occurring
truth:  obtain   authorization

test:  return an optiongroup object group parser -- assumed to be dict with name and options parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   rising
truth:  return   group

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   stores
truth:  update   name

test:  runs the command line application .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  handles one list of the minions that are natively .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  assign to the given instance .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   computing
truth:  test   initialisation

test:  tests whether an angle has passed the same angle .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  run code with no_input=true and templates .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  guess the current unique name for the given process .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  marks a function as being exempt not exempt from the db mode .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  make   built
truth:  make   maintenance

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   collects
truth:  returns   count

test:  returns a group topic delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   enumerator_list
truth:  returns   confirmation

test:  decorator for tests of methods which are bench available .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  returns the dict of all courseware ids to their tabs .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  convert between 0 and power bytes .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get the list of accepted for the given system .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  provides   trivial
truth:  provides   connection

test:  verifies that a directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   crop
truth:  verifies   directory

test:  check if a service is available on boot cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the line number from the tb error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  check if python interpreter need to be considered to run .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper function to update two object in a dipole way .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   divides
truth:  convert   matrices

test:  extracts multiple hosts information from the system .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  run the process .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   publish
truth:  save   graph

test:  return the amount of uptime from each url in seconds .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  cleans the link to a dom file .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  save image to a 2d image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   bench
truth:  save   value

test:  test purging user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  get a list of season numbers for an indexer id .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   archive
truth:  format   member

test:  generate a random asset key for relative asset .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   enhanced
truth:  generates   object

test:  read named ranges .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   overwriting
truth:  read   ranges

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the latest tag of the latest tags .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  removes a logrotate app for the given application .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   optimized
truth:  removes   script

test:  use this method to lookup a command class named by the requested requested loop and return the command .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  the moving average .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  pad   eliminates
truth:  pad   elements

test:  resolve an attribute arguments to a mandatory class .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  resolve   instantiate
truth:  resolve   arguments

test:  only work on moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   local_rvs
truth:  require   addons

test:  convert a fontsize .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   reserializes
truth:  run   widget

test:  give the wsgi application serving the wsgi application .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  aggregated sources: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of groups the named user belongs to cli example: .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   listen
truth:  constructs   key

test:  run tests when the shell suite suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  shared   pulls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  read from xml string .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  check if the node is higher this is an higher of integer .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  search   reported
truth:  search   function

test:  remove an action from the given session .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   pick
truth:  prompt   callback

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  a decorator to add a single method to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method def <newmethod>: pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the operating system .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  finds   step
truth:  finds   names

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add plugins and the menu to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  returns a flag for the given object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a generator .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   packed
truth:  generate   chunks

test:  returns the store store .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  compute eeg average stats using eeg projection .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  helper function .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  given   logs
truth:  given   vertices

test:  determine dns host .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   negate
truth:  determine   resource

test:  match the given property report by an rubygems report .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   enhance
truth:  extract   items

test:  return a dictionary of sets of properties of the given state by state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  given   stacks
truth:  given   states

test:  attempt to unserialize plain text as raw doesnt alter high still send unserialized .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  accept   express
truth:  accept   -

test:  get one query for the resource from the database .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get c{py-listing} and dispay_name jobs .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   svn
truth:  get   dicts

test:  return as input by hashing amount of this repeat to a numpy array .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   attributes
truth:  transform   arrays

test:  utility function to generate specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  enable the entity cache cli example: .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   eliminating
truth:  enable   cache

test:  like :func:dumps but returns the thread name for a given version number .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  infer   pulls
truth:  infer   null

test:  set the value of a cluster cibfile command cibfile use cibfile instead of the property cibfile use cibfile instead of the pcs property cibfile instead of the live cib cli
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates proper emailaddress for verifying that was just signed with emails .
truth: keep user . 
test:  keep   allocate
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a method that resizes a method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the size of the app file .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get an account policy document or if it exists .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  get an instance or raise if it does not exist or has none .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  check if pillar is present .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   settings

test:  hosts has to dest .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  query the current library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  tries   wheather
truth:  tries   library

test:  if there is an upgrade .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  convert dotted path to its canonical .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  update the latest forum support .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  checks the entry in source code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   iuploader
truth:  return   lookup

test:  set up the glances sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  called when the command status is his .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  check if text is a valid kernel version .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps api calls with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   dispatched
truth:  wraps   calls

test:  converts the full file name to octal octal .
truth: using os . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   teardown
truth:  generate   type

test:  see if later .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensure   requesting
truth:  ensure   i

test:  calculate the aux class of a class .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  sets the device to use for a device .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  returns pgraster .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter the regular expression or crud property or regular expression .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   lstrip
truth:  filters   set

test:  converts newlines into a json score .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  test to make sure partition wont have the same code .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  pulls   testsuites
truth:  pulls   keyword

test:  run all modules in the given folder .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  return   init
truth:  return   modules

test:  destroy the floating ips by context .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   height
truth:  destroy   lot

test:  searches the input data and splits it to a new location .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   switch
truth:  index   list

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  wraps   base64encodes
truth:  wraps   djangos

test:  fetch the return value that are available .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  truncate items for a given token .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  take a list of tuples and create an ordered list of tuples .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   expect
truth:  build   body

test:  check whether a user has wiki for wiki for the course .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  convert a file system path to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   tokenizing
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  return an latest downloadable changeset revision for the received repository to retrieve latest changeset revision .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an element of a tree .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get migration devices by instance and all instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  tests if a number of falseglobal .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  all elements in sequence are equal .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a decorator for a oauth clientsecrets .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a gssapi representation of a python xml tag .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  determine   unifies
truth:  determine   encoding

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a new axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  decodes a rrq wrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  fit dask array to a dask model .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  calculate the prob of a sequence .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  returns a dictionary containing the content of friends .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  uses   switch
truth:  uses   list

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   attach
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of child members .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   retuned
truth:  link   revisions

test:  compares two strings for two strings .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  gets the virtual network status .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  get the total number of seconds in a timedelta object .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  resource endpoint endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   lets
truth:  endpoint   handler

test:  does a function represent the given args .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a new api key cli example: .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  list pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  converts any new sql where we know about the dataset .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handles   whiteboard
truth:  handles   payload

test:  extracts the message to the provided message and returns the message object .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  rfc   pulls
truth:  rfc   null

test:  check to see if the specific kernel module is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add allocated_id upgrade query string to inet .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns element in a sequence .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns true if bronsteins is allowed via a query .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize the case of a pathname .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  combines   flip
truth:  combines   python

test:  parse a course and return a dict for each course .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  convert   compose
truth:  convert   usage

test:  differentiate polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   calculate
truth:  confine   windows

test:  install the tornado from a tornado image .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  receive a function .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  adds   located
truth:  adds   method

test:  open all or specified cover for the specified locks .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  return the information for the named container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  returns   satisfy
truth:  returns   container

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   truncate
truth:  creates   savepoint

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  launch the cached non-editable functions .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  manage   bartels
truth:  manage   contents

test:  decides whether g is strongly .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decodes corrected gnupg bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  install one or more arch packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  convert added instance to a dict .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   mounts
truth:  given   objects

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  returns a list of related models for all related models for a given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  encode the problem as a schema: and xblock .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return the users dashboard activity dashboard of the given users dashboard .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  mark   generate
truth:  mark   users

test:  check that the tpot of an input operator works with a local number of data .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  extract hosts and operate topology from the given host .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  extract   impute
truth:  extract   topology

test:  validate and number of birthday birthday for the new_min-new_max .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  returns the first element of the array and last element .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  turn a rule into a tree .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  return   unescapes
truth:  return   rule

test:  boolean boolean indicating whether the given key is absent .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  takes a draft and method and method and flattens it to the new location .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  cleans   widening
truth:  cleans   location

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  return timeline data for given doctype .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  check whether the given locale is changed the same private keys of the requested cache if the user has been activated .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  run a gpg process .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  puts   pulls
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search search qs for a term in the datastore .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  parse a cookie header and return a tuple of duplicates .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   modbus
truth:  parse   cookie

test:  perform the string .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   authorizes
truth:  parse   command

test:  wait until an operation has completed .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  fires   pulls
truth:  fires   null

test:  prints out the course info .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   catch
truth:  prints   course

test:  convert a file to a proper output file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when one of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   imposes
truth:  subtract   f

test:  turns on the quota device cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   grouping
truth:  turns   system

test:  maps the input range to [0 .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   simplifying
truth:  maps   range

test:  delete a new property zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   start
truth:  clear   zone

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   arrays
truth:  get   half

test:  get the default userprofile that a random user exam cli example: .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  truncate items in a string .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  disable an affine transform .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  pulls   unignores
truth:  pulls   patches

test:  return the cumulative line number in the line number table .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   incoming
truth:  return   op

test:  internal workflow operation to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  pulls   includes
truth:  pulls   entrance

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  context manager to temporarily open a file .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   dimension
truth:  disable   serializers

test:  compute connectivity for a compute the compute morphological .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  get all python tests .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   binhexed
truth:  find   tests

test:  checks if a header value exists and has a value .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  returns euclidean between vectors and vectors .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  convert a bit header tuple to a string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  pulls   choice
truth:  pulls   formats

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   building
truth:  get   tag

test:  returns either iterable or iterable .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get a lashed file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   del
truth:  get   gcode

test:  extract the lines from a yaml file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  destroy oauth tokens .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroys   emit
truth:  destroys   access

test:  return translation matrix to translation .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  get information about the flickr api .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   pair
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate a descriptor .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  instantiate   backup
truth:  instantiate   properties

test:  queues an email to determine if it does not have been processed .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   terminates
truth:  queues   opt

test:  converts a real matrix to a specified rank .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  jaccard similarity of two targets .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  given a url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   format_alignment
truth:  given   authentication

test:  validates that a name is a integer and optionally validate that the comment at least one of the comment operator .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  send pull from email pull account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  runs   prettify
truth:  runs   process

test:  return true if the two lines are identical .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  turns   pulls
truth:  turns   null

test:  train a dictionary of arrays .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  takes a set of 2 arguments .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  compute   switch
truth:  compute   list

test:  return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on an requests response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generates standard normal variates with the normal standard normal cdf .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if type is not a valid type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  check if object is a device memory .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  computes the row of the frequency of a requisite line .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  configures   sparks
truth:  configures   number

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  return memory usage of available vm on this node cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  is user allowed to soft-delete article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get a pci device by node .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update the agents .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   reading
truth:  modify   agent

test:  return the correct type .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  initialize a new application .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  merges the url for the chain of two aggregate .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  attempt   trace
truth:  attempt   merge

test:  if the results is an object .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  parse tuples of tuples into tuples .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  indicates that the instance state is used with the corresponding argument .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  return which user is a read for a particular user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   print

test:  get the resolver configuration .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  fixture to return a actual user .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  docker-py param .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  calls   mount
truth:  calls   task

test:  returns a list of all the child strings .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  replaces the attribute of a certain character of the decorated function .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate random blob-ish data with noisy features .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  create   restoring
truth:  create   data

test:  instantiate a sockets sockets file .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  wrap   extracts
truth:  wrap   socket

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  display the celery settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  down-sample image scale based on dense value .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  deprecated   port
truth:  deprecated   helper

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  write the last errors list .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return dictionary of a calendar .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  convert   ignored
truth:  convert   google

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  wrapper for inserting a colormap image label into a sequenceexample buffer .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  build   embedded
truth:  build   example

test:  approximate the partition function to be used with immediately .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pulls   chisquare
truth:  pulls   tuples

test:  merge multiple dictionaries .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merge   ssl
truth:  merge   errors

test:  find a correlation matrix that is positive index of a with zero numbers x .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  decorator for methods that are unique ids .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  return the expression of an expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the relative minima of data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  ensure that the value is a min and throws an exception if it can be a message and rnn are any .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validates   skipping
truth:  validates   score

test:  true iff data behaves like a dictionary .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   igor
truth:  validate   device

test:  gets lower mean of labels .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start a response .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  return the natural logarithm of the sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  end more info .
truth: adds site . 
test:  adds   handles
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper to return two related samples .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  convert x to pixels .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  encodes   linkify
truth:  encodes   integer

test:  construct availability seeds from a given seeds .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  returns   predefined
truth:  returns   rating

test:  returns a list of fieldname from a table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   unpublicizes
truth:  returns   description

test:  convert a sequence of pages to a list of their associated with the ip address .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   saves
truth:  convert   links

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  install the epoll() server .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  return netstat routing information for this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  handle a page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  yield   shortens
truth:  yield   classes

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   simplifying
truth:  carves   range

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  a context manager that changes the actual profiling of a with statement .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   debug
truth:  context   profiling

test:  copies source index to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   representing
truth:  copies   specification

test:  returns a short .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  makes a partition where to the partition is a partition of .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  given a wsgi password .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   hashing
truth:  set   cherrypy

test:  merge the extra arguments into a list .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  check that the release arguments are available .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  process   instantiate
truth:  process   arguments

test:  discover any of the absolute path .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  discover   pulls
truth:  discover   null

test:  skip decorated test unless we are on sys .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   binhexed
truth:  skip   tests

test:  return the best header of the given comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  test the case with a pending column .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  signal a stack trace .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  compare two entity lists .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  add an ssh public key to the learning key .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  mkalias open or create a file of src images .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   orders
truth:  create   alias

test:  return list of courses .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  decode the \\s]+ source file .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  mimic svd .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  run a file with filename .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieve a absolute path for the pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  converts a string to unicode string .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test relative_to option .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  choose_port() returns an choose port .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  like djangos to_language .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  format   bench
truth:  format   value

test:  ensure that the named dns is absent name the username of the user to remove user system user all of the user to remove user the user user to remove
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  compute the ratio of the input components .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  reads the file-like object and returns the contents of the given file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  send http password page to reset users reset .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  adds a function to method to be true or method .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  get a file filenames .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  return the expires certificate name of a certificate to its expires cli example: .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  prints colors .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  compute the scalar cross product of the input data .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms manager instance for a rdbms .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  extracts a dictionary key from a dict .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  navigate   restoring
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns default contact_type as dictionaries with mongo .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  return the first helper function of the tree into rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   abbreviate
truth:  find   rectangle

test:  helper to give a single file if it contains a good keyword .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get text text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the list of the version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  remove   poll
truth:  remove   versions

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  installs the isnulled .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  check that actver is available on the system .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert the first key values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  print the passed values .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  fatemans gcd benchmark: using univariate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  yields the content of a file .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  filter   unescaped
truth:  filter   entries

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  turn all open threads to an open file by port .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   resolved
truth:  fetches   threads

test:  tests that overriding a metaclass include the metaclass .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator to register a function or method action .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  get the resource_types for the currently selected code .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  creates a catalog by name from the instance .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  convenience wrapper around execute() .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  run   allows
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  cluster robust covariance matrix for two boolean array .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  searches the string for regular expression .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  update a redirect to a user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restful controller for hr types .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  print state execution until initial state has no errors .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return a list of dictionaries containing the users that do not use for inclusion in a similar to extract the artist-credit api .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  turn   generate
truth:  turn   users

test:  spartist <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  pulls   visualize
truth:  pulls   artist

test:  walk a vdi chain .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  yield   uncheck
truth:  yield   element

test:  return a sorted list of arrays .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  makes a set containing the given criteria .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   were
truth:  makes   property

test:  send an update .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  build the egg from a matplotlib file .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   stripped
truth:  build   egg

test:  returns the group id for the given user and course .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  given   preload
truth:  given   content

test:  returns filtered hostname .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  run a document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  match   pass
truth:  match   document

test:  return a list of available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return true if the filename matches the match filename .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  construct a single make_text_box() .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   crack
truth:  called   _

test:  same as a older b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  return a generator for a vector with "coordinate elements .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  finds   forget
truth:  finds   inverse

test:  finder hosts file into locations .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  return a list of the roles that are available .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   serves
truth:  return   roles

test:  test a group id from a string .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   history

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  pulls   compose
truth:  pulls   usage

test:  to be an event type .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  take   paging
truth:  take   interface

test:  define a logic .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   saving
truth:  enable   feature

test:  format a list of tuples .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  return the path to the appropriate script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  fill in a notebook cell .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  writes   setuptools
truth:  writes   notebook

test:  performs metagenomeseqs statistics on a directory of raw abundance otu statistics .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   input_fft_v
truth:  performs   normalization

test:  checking the value of an argument is returned by the cmd function .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  run the tag release .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  tag   bandstop
truth:  tag   release

test:  return the default string for a path p .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  creates a new dataset on the local resource views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   registering
truth:  creates   views

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  create a low-level indexes .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return true if the request was associated with the given site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  create a numpy object from a list .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   switch
truth:  converts   list

test:  test column attributes should be used for testing purposes .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   mutate
truth:  test   column

test:  get a string value plus bool .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  a decorator to makes a function to be called via deleting a parallel .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  perform the "finish returns the accepting of the given model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   specifies
truth:  return   methods

test:  count the type of dask with a dictionary and replace any original expressions .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  substitute   homebrew_packages
truth:  substitute   structure

test:  a view that returns an empty response .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  noop   pulls
truth:  noop   null

test:  compile function arguments .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  takes   force
truth:  takes   kwargs

test:  log all log handlers to a file .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  configure   embed
truth:  configure   logging

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  helper function for getfilesforname() parameter .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   skipped
truth:  function   use

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  check to make sure set_orientation works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  apply the vagrant monitor on vagrant objects .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  resume all messagingexception .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  scheduled   pulls
truth:  scheduled   null

test:  parse a string of tokens into a list of tokens .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  returns a coefficient matrix to create a symmetric matrix .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator for methods that are feel and allows them to avoid positional .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  use   provide
truth:  use   provider

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  get a platform from the array of strings .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   pulls
truth:  prepare   null

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  check if the given url is a valid html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  returns a comma-separated column name from the provided target dict .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  normalize a paragraph of text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   supports
truth:  normalize   text

test:  skip a test if the command passed is not equal to the imported command .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skips   carry
truth:  skips   test

test:  recursive helper function for gentle .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  adjust   limiting
truth:  adjust   order

test:  list all libraries available to the logged in library .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   sanitize
truth:  list   libraries

test:  return a second term from a similarity system .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  return server version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  loads   autoencoder
truth:  loads   xml

test:  sets a transaction manager for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   trailing
truth:  sets   flag

test:  get group access by id .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   emit
truth:  get   access

test:  equalize image .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   unplug
truth:  return   equalization

test:  get a connection key from the rest server .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  encodes a value to utf-8 .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  compresses   bench
truth:  compresses   value

test:  return the digest digest for a given date .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   recreate
truth:  extract   portion

test:  create a <program_name> instance for the project with pid .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  return path of config dict .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  parses   freezing
truth:  parses   configuration

test:  check if a volume is a physical volume group .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  adds information about the issue for api described in order to show request .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initializes   flow
truth:  initializes   fields

test:  creates the number of bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   execute
truth:  convert   region

test:  get the start last field for a given batch_size .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  aggregate   associated
truth:  aggregate   listing

test:  load this module on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  returns a nested tree in the given tree .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  construct the main apache image .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   allowing
truth:  is   adapter

test:  verify that two arrays are equal .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  create hmac+sha512 .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  test   batched
truth:  test   guess

test:  check if a link exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   aligns
truth:  get   volume

test:  copy a disk image .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  temporarily change the input to the beginning of the context .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get all ensuing of all effective migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  return the first .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  convert   latex

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  returns a standard login with the given login .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  gets all build by request_id from instance_id_mappings table .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  test plotting of epochs .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   permutates
truth:  test   epochs

test:  get a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  write the macros section of a dir .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   alignment
truth:  write   section

test:  parses the timestamp from the input string and returns a tuple .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional file and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   optimizes
truth:  roll   reservations

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  returns a list of running instructor tasks for the given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  creates a 2d tensor .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  returns   throw
truth:  returns   x

test:  function to provide sensible default function to field .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return a formatted dict with first matched values .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  returns a standard timestamp of the config input .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  configure   scaled
truth:  configure   queue

test:  a simple tasks that replies to a message after the celery began .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the lshape checksum .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create an openshift-svc-verify file name .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  test info-showing argument names .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  ensure   needed
truth:  ensure   fit

test:  return a dictionary with many subtopic for each topic .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  pickle data from ziplines .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an information that will pick the given optimizer as a string .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wait until all the fixture: calls to use the min_zero module .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  using   reported
truth:  using   function

test:  truncate by days .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   gives
truth:  truncate   days

test:  get the length of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  convert a dict like dictionaries into a new dictionary .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats mapdict to a tuple to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   pulls
truth:  formats   null

test:  compare two string .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  send an email to users .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  url calling 2 .
truth: if a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a value in a positive float that can be filled out to a positive integer .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  raise a warning header if any of the boolean header occurs .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  log   eventlet
truth:  log   warning

test:  when a cohort has been created .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  return a deferred which are equal to equal standard deviation .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  calculates   downgrades
truth:  calculates   point

test:  get a resource data by type .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  lookup   restoring
truth:  lookup   data

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  make sure a representation of a multi-line representation .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  return an httpresponse with the specified provides and the current request .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  pulls   raise
truth:  pulls   term

test:  create a script .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   mutes
truth:  make   app

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  provides a "host:port" value for an rsync-compatible .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  validates   preloading
truth:  validates   host

test:  test end to end test for a show command .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  yields a blob that resets the given cloud storage .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  launch a tunner with paramiko in a subprocess .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks to see if a file exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  upload the github api to pixels .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   suggest
truth:  uploads   folder

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  replace an encrypted key with the learning key .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  encrypts   labeled
truth:  encrypts   file

test:  prints code information and prints a portion of an exception .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   emitting
truth:  print   character

test:  formats a task eta object .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the number of cpu cpus on this machine .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns if a function is free or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  converts cron statement iterable to cron .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  converts   statements

test:  add intersections from loop to width .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return missed slices from both tails .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  slices   pulls
truth:  slices   null

test:  a decorator that makes any function wrap .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  a decorator for functions that accept cuda memoize key .
truth: create a property . 
test:  create   were
truth:  create   property

test:  do the url to redirect to after http requests .
truth: takes request . 
test:  takes   knapsack
truth:  takes   request

test:  a simple 404 handler .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  partitions an application by the given application .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  load a session object from a file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   command
truth:  load   session

test:  simple callback function to simple ids .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  attempts   lambert
truth:  attempts   src

test:  auxiliary function to discover blacklisted files .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  try   bandstop
truth:  try   release

test:  returns true if filename looks like a dir containing unit tests .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  tests   labeled
truth:  tests   file

test:  get a list of absent records for the given module .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  ensures   clip
truth:  ensures   record

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   labels
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses iso 8601 build .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   thrown
truth:  parses   standard

test:  return the current process of cloud instance .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  verify a pagerduty signature created via http .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  use   linked
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  helper for functions for x .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test fails with an unexpected message .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return the best parameter value .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  is   crowding
truth:  is   docstring

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   listed
truth:  pulls   constant

test:  returns true if string is a int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert central vector to linux distribution .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  render the twitter dance to pem and secret the oauth token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  like kappas .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   force
truth:  get   kwargs

test:  helper function to retrieve the exeggcutess module .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  return the immediate import and import the associated plugin uuid .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  move   pulls
truth:  move   null

test:  use this to import a single space from an s3 file .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  pulls   entering
truth:  pulls   demonstration

test:  returns an absolute url matching string .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  lists all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  lists   interpolated
truth:  lists   plugins

test:  return the test configuration cli example: .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   carry
truth:  return   test

test:  remove unwanted tags from a repository .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  convert a path relative to a directory name .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  removes whitespace from the right line .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run a connection to async .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  get updater cache for updater .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  create simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return true if path is absolute and djangos file starts with the given prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  scatter mcmc .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  makes sure that the error was found on failure .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  deprecated   seconds
truth:  deprecated   editor

test:  converts a url into a origin url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   fill
truth:  normalize   pathname

test:  convenience function for invoked a pointer of data .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  get the the matrix of every node result .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  attach a fan instance to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   pulls
truth:  attach   null

test:  returns a dict with menu breadth-first and object for an instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  general expression to switch a condition when condition is a byte string .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  end the binary mnist data to a binary file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   flip
truth:  build   python

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  pulls   tail
truth:  pulls   getattr

test:  this regression takes the pk .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  serializing   mounts
truth:  serializing   objects

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  pre-populate diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  return   masked
truth:  return   month

test:  create an htpasswd via pcs command stonith name for the stonith encoding name of the pcs extra_args additional options for the stonith use cibfile instead of the live cib cli
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   negate
truth:  create   resource

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  plots a source results .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  show   switch
truth:  show   list

test:  method to get permalink ids from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  get   msg
truth:  get   component

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  load a subset of the word2vec model and train it on the given dataset-- and dataset .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test reading a trailing spaces with a trailing row of data .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  trailing   highlight
truth:  trailing   row

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of service that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  check if an event is available on the local node .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   sampling
truth:  get   clock

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   enhanced
truth:  close   object

test:  wrapper function to check if the debug app is debug .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  get   created
truth:  get   mode

test:  if the given object is access to the course .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  basic short helper function .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  output val and kwargs for functions print out of the data passed into the type .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  check if the mask object is a valid one .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  given a dns argument .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  modify   safe_octal
truth:  modify   class

test:  filter otu table to keep only desired axis .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   bounds
truth:  filter   table

test:  gprs request section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  load the pem file into a dataframe .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  validate that the given project is a valid project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  ensure   forgot
truth:  ensure   project

test:  tests installing a database version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  checks   extract
truth:  checks   version

test:  openpty() an sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  return the version of pip_ .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  make sure that reports errors correctly .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  creates a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  handles   escaped
truth:  handles   post

test:  univariate series inversion 1/p modulo o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  multivariate   renders
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  return the storage repository without destroying the vdis within .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  wait for packages to become available on the local minion .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   stores
truth:  request   name

test:  return the bracket line of 16 and 16 .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   stores
truth:  create   name

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  helper for :py:func:to_lines() .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  simple test to download imp for execer .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get the application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   mixed
truth:  returns   engine

test:  thx for succeeds .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  token   pulls
truth:  token   null

test:  make sure the thing value exists .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  check for scaleway configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  list a list of end .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple values works as expected .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   exposes
truth:  tests   values

test:  check whether the given string is a valid series .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  verifies whether bench exists in the item_type account .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  ensure   flattening
truth:  ensure   field

test:  return the translation object for the given flags .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decode base64 to hex string .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  check that the mailchimp given lists have any of the mailchimp list .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return ceph cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  given a importing importing module .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  import   switch
truth:  import   list

test:  subscribes a user to the zulip a datetime .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  updates   support
truth:  updates   time

test:  scrub the pwd_hash and salt from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   advance
truth:  scrub   title

test:  get a list of up languages for the given localizer .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate a new tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  take the value passed .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  convert rgb components to decimal color components .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  multiplies   uncheck
truth:  multiplies   element

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   homebrew_packages
truth:  walks   structure

test:  check to see if a module is installed or not .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  run a shell command .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  find an element based on c structure .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  import   map
truth:  import   implementation

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  inject out the axis along an axis .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete flavor info from metadata .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   tile
truth:  delete   information

test:  turn on/off the current thread .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  remove   backported
truth:  remove   handlers

test:  return a list of support labels .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  table with re and auto-column values chopped by col extent .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  read   bounds
truth:  read   table

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load a template from a template file .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   inspect
truth:  loads   eggs

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  a simple variable with the gaussian mean .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  updating   alignment
truth:  updating   section

test:  collect all four attributes for a char plus a qualified .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   instantiate
truth:  collect   arguments

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   bring
truth:  create   page

test:  returns data mac address .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  pulls   decides
truth:  pulls   sha1

test:  adds a symbol to by adding an object to a given address .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  register a encoder/decoder into a space-separated logger .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  test user embedded api to change .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  shut down the local node and the traffic_server process on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   clones
truth:  shut   server

test:  escapes an html fragment that it contains only seqs_to_keep characters .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   supports
truth:  escape   text

test:  set format and round trip through a format that precision is omitted for the subfmt .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  set   been
truth:  set   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   alignment
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a new relic channels .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  do   consisting
truth:  do   link

test:  a helper to mock that checks if the transformers transformer is registered in an actual structure .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if node is valid .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  return   l{twisted
truth:  return   subscription

test:  call this function via the given user_id .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  given   l{twisted
truth:  given   subscription

test:  creates temp directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  format a block for display .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  return a cache object suitable for the without any that it uses the cache .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  read a configuration file as ini .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the string representation of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get hosts with the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load this module if the psql command exists .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   rect
truth:  work   work

test:  default function to check for all 2-character .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  this function is called when the proxy starts up .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  calling   reported
truth:  calling   function

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   chop
truth:  returns   owner

test:  convert raw .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  formats   account
truth:  formats   human

test:  unregister an e-mail hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   maintain
truth:  unregister   mail

test:  get a list of field names to operate on the model name .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  get the list of available sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns a dict mapping prefix strings to query execution with all http/1 .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   protected
truth:  create   urlconf

test:  function to mark a testtools .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  create keyring on a service keyring cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  measures -> int extracts the where the elements are any .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  handles   increase
truth:  handles   nodes

test:  sets the modules on a post .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  calling   reassemble
truth:  calling   compute

test:  toggle near widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  decorator for functions that require an event to a subsection task .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  updates   targets
truth:  updates   grade

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  format help with a help entry .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  pulls   xfail
truth:  pulls   help

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   understemmed
truth:  filters   results

test:  add used by id .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  a simple subset of service to return the subset subset of the service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  calls a metering server with a pg8000 server .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   processing
truth:  pulls   urllib2

test:  get versions of available versions .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   tsv
truth:  get   components

test:  do the relayiplist copy of the string to make a new *mu* .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  numlist : numlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   algorithm
truth:  translate   points

test:  remove accents from a form of text .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  transform   deployed
truth:  transform   symbols

test:  add f to f in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  roundrobin --> a d e b f c .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   search
truth:  roundrobin   d

test:  clean a filename .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   wanted
truth:  clean   filename

test:  helper method to format the status of a github api .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   point
truth:  format   status

test:  fetch a vo service from the datastore returned by the user and return it .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add a sorted time in a qt tensors .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a range(port_max range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   simplifying
truth:  encode   range

test:  the selector .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  allow   match
truth:  allow   syntax

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   repartition
truth:  comma   leaf

test:  handle a single page of the given page .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return all tags .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  add an unused column-oriented node to an unused object .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  url   format
truth:  url   parameter

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to a numpy array .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  passing a file with one space or more delimiter to a bad file .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  test setcookiesfromurl .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  turn a 2d numpy array into a interpret image .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  decompress a string .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run any start_time that it will provide tests .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  executes   compiles
truth:  executes   suite

test:  make sure apis are visible in the available tool .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  convert real reconid to real matrix .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  tests that a matrix of multinomial is not binary .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   cleaning
truth:  tests   matrix

test:  remove the named group .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  check whether a phone number is a carrier carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  return true if path is an gamestate .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  remove or create a table .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  a scenario string with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   clip
truth:  destroys   record

test:  pick by data .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   go
truth:  pick   channels

test:  always returns none .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds a new controller controller to the vm .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  changes the internal monitordir summary of the monitordir host for a given host .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  change table for the spectrum to a specific backoff .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  pulls   bootstrapping
truth:  pulls   retry

test:  get information about the currently stopped summary of the api .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  pulls   query
truth:  pulls   position

test:  get the current page version .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  deprecated if dependencies prints a few file that need to other .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  take a list of functions of documenting via functions of a method of the input corpus .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  pulls   reduce
truth:  pulls   shorthand

test:  context manager to temporarily protect preferred plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as str .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  a generator of lists of length n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  send a message to the given status message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  standardizes   widgets
truth:  standardizes   responses

test:  return virtual memory memory statistics as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  module loader .
truth: execute app . 
test:  execute   mutes
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   weblate
truth:  pull   references

test:  checks the date on number of times .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  remove contacts from a viewpoint so that it removes all :class:multidict from the removes viewpoint .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  fetch a lyricswiki from the source .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   pulls
truth:  fetch   null

test:  use netmiko to connect to a thread .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  convert a list of email addresses into a list of addresses .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  fail unless the files in the given directory .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  context manager to temporarily create a temporary file .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  -   files
truth:  -   check

test:  counts the number of items .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  this function creates a module-level module-level color that can be used to testing the rate of the values passed to the many behaviour .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   launches
truth:  evaluates   sine

test:  zdt3 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the current time zone time :return: the current time zone time zone :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  load a git index .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   repository

test:  updates the specified task_id as an existing viewpoint server .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  terminate   generate
truth:  terminate   users

test:  deletes a specific firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  ensures that two elements are identical .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   humanized
truth:  computes   energy

test:  create a new repo path .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  prompt   crop
truth:  prompt   directory

test:  get the annotation url to use in account .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  create a batch of images .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  output   quotes
truth:  output   map

test:  return true if the given context can read/update/delete be created .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pops the osx .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  setup   package
truth:  setup   launchd

test:  function to generate a finder function from a module .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  builds the layer pattern with the specified id .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  constructs   hash
truth:  constructs   flow

test:  signal handler for graceful ctrl .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  show the version of devices .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  load a plugin from the file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  attach a block storage server name server name to attach a server name server name server name server to attach from device to the server manager .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  updates an existing usercontributionsmodel with given usercontributionsmodel and subscribes the given exploration_id object .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  commits   allocate
truth:  commits   user

test:  callback for tests with a default conda .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  perform   centralized
truth:  perform   backup

test:  return the length of a python search string .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  handle merging of nodes of a callback by recomputing maximum .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  callback   increase
truth:  callback   nodes

test:  sort algorithm by first ascending of a list of integers .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  get   enhance
truth:  get   items

test:  clears accumulated statistics on the local node .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   guessing
truth:  clear   namespace

test:  returns a string to be a valid variable name .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  add   sparks
truth:  add   number

test:  given a compiler object .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   img
truth:  get   compiler

test:  prints the mapping of a user: prompt .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  prompt   generate
truth:  prompt   users

test:  returns either the file type or tab .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   teardown
truth:  retrieve   type

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  get current video subtitle .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   skills
truth:  get   track

test:  return the instance name of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  shortcut   stores
truth:  shortcut   name

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the stable series are returned in the order of their position .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  initialize a default implementation of f .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  reverse the elements of a non-negative rotates dense dimensions .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  branching branching rule repeatedly until an expression is true .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   reveal
truth:  compose   sequence

test:  creates a new index column .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  get the number of strings for an user .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  turns   preloading
truth:  turns   host

test:  save a single record array of integers to a given stream .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  opens   takes
truth:  opens   stream

test:  returns the language-code of the language-code for the given language .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  save configuration to the database .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   freezing
truth:  save   configuration

test:  1-d spatial objective function .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  pulls   publish
truth:  pulls   graph

test:  create a complete suite for the provided tests .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  generate   binhexed
truth:  generate   tests

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  gets the preferred channels .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  make a mock fixture to make a fake request into a decorated .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  patch   knapsack
truth:  patch   request

test:  returns a dictionary of changesets .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   chops
truth:  create   un

test:  use subprocess to make the device available on the system .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   put
truth:  set   rules

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  computes the bayesian log information criterion and the bayesian likelihood .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   tile
truth:  computes   information

test:  return an instance of a tensor .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  compile several 4-byte bytecode .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  does   writing
truth:  does   ironpython

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  converts either html or float into a json string .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   connect
truth:  convert   entities

test:  get | dubconstant | dubconstant | string .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  load a resource from a file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  a decorator which mark a function to be profiled .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get a backup by name .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   scaled
truth:  collecting   queue

test:  converts a log event string to a more human-readable log .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initialize   decorating
truth:  initialize   log

test:  generates the dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   representing
truth:  generates   specification

test:  return a vector representing the elements of a and b .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  constructs   stacking
truth:  constructs   grid

test:  returns the integer value needed to serialize a single integer in the given integer .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  read a protocol object from a file .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  a context manager which is applied to the user .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  get   command
truth:  get   session

test:  get all objects .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes r^2 vectors for a violin plot .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  deletes an external network cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  helper method for getting an command-line cache version .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  isprime:bool return true if boto is prime .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  this function follows follows to display for training in a figure .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  a replacement for the randomized path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  print a status message to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  parse a raw character entry .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   exponential

test:  convert a sequence to a string .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   been
truth:  returns   format

test:  predicate to make sure a message is small .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dict with the specified options .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  if data is a string .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   initalize
truth:  convert   k

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether the given country is available .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   borrowed
truth:  given   instances

test:  transfer a file .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  return true if the symmetrical consists are supported .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  changes   reported
truth:  changes   function

test:  drops all tables .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  force   step
truth:  force   names

test:  writes a string to the specified string .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  set the global registry registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  check that pandas is available .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  create an array with the minimum distribution parameters x : ndarray the iqr for an array with the spectrum .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  check   downloading
truth:  check   package

test:  add arguments to a single arguments .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  base   instantiate
truth:  base   arguments

test:  ensure that the address resolves with a set of instances .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  lookup   borrowed
truth:  lookup   instances

test:  simple context manager webapp timeout : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  command   advised
truth:  command   commands

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  building an individual message from a message string parameters .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  verify   sparks
truth:  verify   number

test:  return a list of lines .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  delete the synchronize receivers from the load balancer cli example: .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   extends
truth:  delete   signals

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  only load this module if the traffic server module is available .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   git
truth:  load   ini

test:  show if a user has access to a specific page .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  displayed   capitalizes
truth:  displayed   revision

test:  return a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   linked
truth:  return   crypto

test:  group x by default .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  sum   rising
truth:  sum   group

test:  add in billed_ops_list in billed_ops_list to the given billed .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check if path is a directory .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  pulls   stay
truth:  pulls   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calculate output of ufunc distance for a given image .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  find   measure

test:  get the default xunit argument teardown function for the arguments method .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an existing entry .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  update an instance or raise if it doesnt exist or if it doesnt exist .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   urlencode
truth:  update   item

test:  download results for a collection .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   labels
truth:  download   transform

test:  decorator to time a function .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  routing area update section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  read a file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  read a line of text metric in a string .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  try to read docker docker docker docker docker files in the minion file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   raising
truth:  read   docker

test:  test xunit output with different wrt different wrt .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  combine two dictionaries .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  a decorator for methods that are closed only closed when the call protected .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  disconnect receiver from a list of receivers this gets added to senderkey .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   selecting
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   inputhook
truth:  testing   sys

test:  cumulative distribution labels .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated replcement is the return value which will be passed to a deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  list hypervisors .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   missed
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  turn an arbitrary version string into a standard version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  load a revision from db .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  get   capitalizes
truth:  get   revision

test:  create groups for each group in groups .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  command : next id .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get remaining edge hashtable after a cycle .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   pack
truth:  get   edge

test:  return list of port_bindings objects .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  ban user has ban revisions .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  gets a dictionary containing the filenames for a given username .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  check the log in the make sure the log is set to something .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  tests whether keep run a single file in the record .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   skipped
truth:  test   use

test:  parse a file and return its parse data .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes and geometry .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   sigma
truth:  add   vertexes

test:  gets a users username for a given username .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  focused   takes
truth:  focused   stream

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  create a simple intf instance .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  look up an initial random value .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  produce a astroid function for a bokeh distribution .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  function   control
truth:  function   generation

test:  converts x to a string .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   reading
truth:  create   agent

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  returns the graph g for the graph g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate the navigation site items .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  makes a datastore datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  allow   emit
truth:  allow   access

test:  callback invoked when a certain representation is passed .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  invoked   format_alignment
truth:  invoked   authentication

test:  return true if the variable is uppercased .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  remove time from time string .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  a decorator that enforces the routes of a pulls .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   reuse
truth:  pulls   endpoints

test:  extracts a list of the file system path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  returns a list of the translation of two numbers for all the singular small_stmts .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  helper to get/create a translation tp .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  embed an album into an album dipole items associated with maxwidth .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  convert x .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  get a list of nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   put
truth:  get   rules

test:  determine if linux is a linux gentoo_mirrors .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a hash of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   flow
truth:  generate   fields

test:  returns a storage object with the old timestamp .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  did   returns
truth:  did   something

test:  convert a bundle name to a uri name .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  read   crop
truth:  read   directory

test:  simulates creation of a directory called clone_dir inside of tmpdir .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  extract http basic credentials from a http basic auth .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  check that expected methods raises an exception .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns true if idle is using os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  calls the rest api with a given name .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  set   manager

test:  calculates the interquartile sequence of a sequence of characters as a string .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  retrieve grid data for a contributor .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieve all strings .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  obtain   throttle
truth:  obtain   unit

test:  returns a metadata metadata for the xml data .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  determine if values are equal .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  convert various index coordinates to dest .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  transfer   unlocking
truth:  transfer   source

test:  adds new kernel with bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   iterator
truth:  add   kernel

test:  send promiscping who-has requests to determine which hosts are up promiscping -> none set cache=true if you want promiscping .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   creates
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  get the again for the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  verify that both values and want want to skip test methods .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure the marathon app exists .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   mutes
truth:  ensure   app

test:  retrieve the first key and return the tuple .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  replace any mime sequence in a string .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  wrapper around cms-related .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  setup the config file .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  function to get the data that doesnt need to run functional tests .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  decompress gzipped data .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  stream   enroll
truth:  stream   iterator

test:  a simple wrapper for the audio and restore a modbus audio .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  record   wanted
truth:  record   filename

test:  wsgi application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   roundrobin
truth:  test   application

test:  get all instance faults for a given instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  define everything calls .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  pulls   generalized
truth:  pulls   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  mounts the specified service .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  restores a configuration file from the current keyboard object .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  restore   freezing
truth:  restore   configuration

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  converts x into an arbitrary string .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  get the commit id and commit status .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a context manager which will return a copy of the file lock .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  object   place
truth:  object   generator

test:  decode ctc loss algorithm on each beam model .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  decodes   flattens
truth:  decodes   output

test:  list available keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  list   review
truth:  list   keys

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   unlink
truth:  change   phone

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  generic middleware .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  return a list of all directories on the cloud provider .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the current active system result cli example: .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns the size of a disk to store in linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  like getattr .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  gets a set of directories to their callback behind .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  list all available config files cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  returns all folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  creates a response with the provided headers .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   logging
truth:  create   flask

test:  cast a numpy dtype to a x .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   tabulate
truth:  create   makefile

test:  deletes a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   satisfy
truth:  delete   container

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  wait until a condition is true .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   dictionary
truth:  wait   condition

test:  initialize the scenario .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compile a warning .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  assert   batch
truth:  assert   code

test:  make a dummy class with a dummy class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  create its information about the arp table .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve the provided document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   pass
truth:  resolve   document

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  check   alignment
truth:  check   section

test:  lists available locales cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  writes a data set to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  custom model to custom model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  get the face from the elementnode .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  b-length tokens that are not allowed to be checked against .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a model instance that tests the given models .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  yaml: shining publish code reports with shining .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  expr : * | expr_stmt .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   pulls
truth:  expr   null

test:  returns the value of a given method .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  remove a new expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  construct an array of arrays .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  generate   registers
truth:  generate   product

test:  returns the length of the given strings .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  converts the group id to a valid web server id .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  gets a list of packets for the given rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  store a data by either an entity type or write it to the given operation .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  call   located
truth:  call   method

test:  compute the data/header using interpolated arrays .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   zoom
truth:  compute   vectors

test:  generate both ties and mr .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  draw   forwards
truth:  draw   image

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   authorizes
truth:  require   command

test:  return a function that returns the graph in the graph .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   craft
truth:  return   expr

test:  dummy implementation of the connection when replica a string .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  creates an openid response for use in smtp/impa authentication .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  loads an sqlite3 .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   enters
truth:  return   bucket

test:  find the longest longest tree prefix .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns the contact which redirects to those in the session .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  fills   r^2
truth:  fills   form

test:  returns a list of notifications notifications .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  replace everything with emrfs_args and end of other dims .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  converts a pil/pillow image to a numpy array .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  promote   pulls
truth:  promote   null

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  activate   resulting
truth:  activate   workers

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin and enable them to the right plugin .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   identifies
truth:  enable   plugin

test:  return true if the url is an ssh ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  check   drop
truth:  check   ssh

test:  test font fonts .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   rotate
truth:  test   loading

test:  given a template string .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   storing
truth:  compile   template

test:  transform invalid arguments into a uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  helper to check that numpy bug values are not a numpy array or a boolean values .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return y minus best fit line; linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the error client information .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  use the reader to convert a file that doesnt segfault in the number of basic exponent-like documents .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   lets
truth:  denied   handler

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  return art url from itunes .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  tests the creation of a single project with a passed user .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  distance between 2 sets .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  finds   rfc
truth:  finds   distance

test:  returns a class takes a okay element .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   wrapped
truth:  returns   permission

test:  transforms the given :class:oauth2provider to the new color property .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  return   rearranges
truth:  return   import

test:  helper to create a variable creation .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  provides   accentuated
truth:  provides   getter

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  colorize   displaying
truth:  colorize   ref

test:  deletes a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  simple function to connect to a network device .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return the number of workers in the system .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  return the terminal terminal well as a string .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  custom page to generate the custom track track .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  creates two exits to and from a dummy structure .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the num-th bit number .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  remove xml file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get a string of the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  returns   squeezing
truth:  returns   uuid

test:  clear the soap fault .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  return firewall information for a particular vm .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  create   need
truth:  create   interfaces

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  wrapper to clear the server .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  get nested object from nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evaluate the definite integral of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   estimate
truth:  find   roots

test:  create an image instance for use in notifications file .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  enrich   post_save
truth:  enrich   metadata

test:  remove e^p_n(l) in a string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   step
truth:  remove   names

test:  create an album field from a template .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get media list on media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  return a list of the available file names in the given shot .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   prefilled
truth:  return   hosts

test:  converts all pids of a contiguous pattern into a list of pids .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all instances that match a given binary .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  test either a non-existing variable error .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   gated
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize dataframe blocks if dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  replace   step
truth:  replace   names

test:  returns a list of prefixed units that are prefixed by the given unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  avoid errors .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  return the value of a given settings .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  shell a linear unit function b = a first line n x is a sequence of export-friendly tuples .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  test for change of label .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  return the list of entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   allocated
truth:  return   mongodb

test:  gets the about the about the given vim .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  find an alternative extends .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  handles   small_stmts
truth:  handles   line

test:  returns the local objects associated with an calibration address .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  single transaction message .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  denied   bring
truth:  denied   page

test:  create a devicendarray object that is like ary .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  call   rectified
truth:  call   cuda

test:  helper to get a code block from code string .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   converted
truth:  return   block

test:  get the template for a file with respect to the given name .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  remove special characters and collapse spaces .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  get the minimum minimum labels .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   echo
truth:  calculate   minimum

test:  toggle the current images event .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  perform any negative values in a function .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the maximum line breaks .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  delete beyond keys .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   enhance
truth:  delete   items

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  expects   takes
truth:  expects   stream

test:  returns an action callback for the given application .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  return   callback

test:  send a message .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  broken   reported
truth:  broken   function

test:  return a list of objects of the given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a list of entities to technique based on the custom fields .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  get   tokens
truth:  get   union

test:  check whether user can read/update/delete permissions .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  returns format dict of te .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   labeled
truth:  format   file

test:  kills syslog-ng .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  issue   starting
truth:  issue   shutdown

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a class object takes one of the same steps as the genpareto and .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  decorates   safe_octal
truth:  decorates   class

test:  helper function to read the repository output .
truth: open stream . 
test:  open   takes
truth:  open   stream

test:  return a specified powerpath user .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  filter the list of errors to only return those items .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   pulls
truth:  filter   null

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   translates
truth:  test   flags

test:  update points from a list of points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   algorithm
truth:  normalize   points

test:  assigns a set of images into imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  ensure that urljoin keys takes an retrlines is that we use a relative relative to prevent s3siteautocompletewidget links .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  tests   wants
truth:  tests   parts

test:  remove non-print characters from the string to the length of a space .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   shared
truth:  trim   string

test:  convenience function runs a command easier .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  call gce attach to the thread .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  test the last access time of a file .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   interpolates
truth:  read   lang

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   reported
truth:  set   function

test:  allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  allows   archive
truth:  allows   member

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  create a new object .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  makes sure that any invalid mime type in an alter request .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the number of days of the linux distribution .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  exception raised for l{banana .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  check   restoring
truth:  check   data

test:  delete a config key with a relative path .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  returns the set of users in the given node which the given node is not just a successful .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  unique_everseen -> iterator get items of an iterable object .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  detach elb .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   registered
truth:  detach   elb

test:  compress the given data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  handles   find_goroutine
truth:  handles   compression

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  take a dictionary and lowercase values for the keys in the passed keys .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  create a #rrggbb color to hex .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  decorator to restricted a method if a request is logged in user .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  prevent   usage_key_string
truth:  prevent   view

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  print an error message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  get the md5 hash of a v1 .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  performs the silhouette of the swift function inplace .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  convert a binary rdata sequence to a list of integers .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  create   preserve
truth:  create   int

test:  run js js command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  setup the eq-3 ble thermostats .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   subset
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test end to end test for pip tests .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   show

test:  unpack bistring .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  pulls   multiplicative_expression
truth:  pulls   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  find a set of indices with the columns in the input table .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  inputs   bounds
truth:  inputs   table

test:  check that choice names given in *choices* are the only ones choices .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  asserts   pulls
truth:  asserts   null

test:  create tp and tp10x instances with identical parameters .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   borrowed
truth:  create   instances

test:  run numbered on a given prefix .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder from f and order o .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   round
truth:  compare   polynomials

test:  return the cumulative product of n elements .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  creates a qrcode .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of dns services for the specified subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  get   wait
truth:  get   servers

test:  set default credentials value to be associated with aws credentials .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  configures a remote url to allow repo to put it down .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  sign a username to a generic username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  list everything in a terminal .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  read source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   unlocking
truth:  read   source

test:  strip leading blank text from a block of text .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  given   supports
truth:  given   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   review
truth:  replace   keys

test:  return the most recent users exercises .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  send emails to notify the given recipients about new exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  encodes a string to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a list of paths of files .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  use tree to parse words .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   reported
truth:  control   function

test:  get media parameters or raise exception if it does not look like devices .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  parses the prototype from a string and return a tuple containing only one sentence .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   flattens
truth:  parses   output

test:  broadcasts a network server and attach an email certificate to a future server .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  define   clones
truth:  define   server

test:  make a branch and its paths .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds parameters to url -> string .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | varlist | varlist | varlist | varlist .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  check whether user is not audit access of the given user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  verify that method v the type verify that method returns an instance of a method .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  creates   located
truth:  creates   method

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   flattens
truth:  given   output

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  show all valid formats for the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   choice
truth:  print   formats

test:  construct a dict from a dictionary to language map .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  returns the first item in seq that predicate returns a :const:true value for .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   mask
truth:  test   accuracy

test:  returns the given html with ampersands .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strips   connect
truth:  strips   entities

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  add a help option to a django settings .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  execute   lambda
truth:  execute   django

test:  returns a path to the heads config directory .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns markdown text after modifying markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escapes   skipped
truth:  escapes   use

test:  use this to unpatch a function to unpatch .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  pulls   reflect
truth:  pulls   testcase

test:  setup container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   satisfy
truth:  setup   container

test:  create an image with the given name .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  call   wanted
truth:  call   filename

test:  convenience decorator for float32 which causes a function which can be used to mark that change the one of the same attributes as attributes .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  define a core record .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   emits
truth:  step   definition

test:  return a list of sys .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  entry point for this module .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  start   authorizes
truth:  start   command

test:  check if a given environment exists on the system .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  scan the continuously for a list of numbers .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scans   edit
truth:  scans   ports

test:  check if ndarray supports subsecond works .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   generating
truth:  test   shell

test:  string that words a string using the filenames .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  runs a python script in a subprocess .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   optimized
truth:  run   script

test:  simplify sympy expression as local functions .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  convert the time format to a string .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  get the default extension type .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get triangle mesh from derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns the cost cost of the graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  compute   cost

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   differ
truth:  convert   rest

test:  compute the edge cliques of all nodes in a graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  uninstall an npm package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   downloading
truth:  uninstall   package

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously in a class .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the application from the model that is either from the application or an instance .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  read an access path .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  given   been
truth:  given   format

test:  unflatten -> iterator repeats a list of numbers n .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iter   chisquare
truth:  iter   tuples

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib curve in the x .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a object based on its position of a qualified qualified .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  format the given text to a message .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  change the brightness of x .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   c_value_type
truth:  change   brightness

test:  returns the graph in the graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  check if an enum is a valid enum .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  redirects to the specified location using http permanent status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  registers a query for the given handlers .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   backported
truth:  register   handlers

test:  generates a random iv key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  return the median absolute error .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  compute the 4-d scaling of a sparse matrix x .
truth: computes np . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   lets
truth:  test   handler

test:  return a host indefinitely ports that describe describe been free .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return the purchase .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  validates that value is a valid category for dbinstance .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns random string value with provided types .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  register many 8601-formatted systems with the given com .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   clones
truth:  register   server

test:  get the sphinx statistics for an layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  generate   constrain
truth:  generate   attribute

test:  displays networkx deferred form .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  url tag for use during the tests .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates an blocklist file .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  compute spherical bessel function jn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  start the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  ensure a storage for a node is created should be run on one cluster node only can only can only be run on a node with a node with a
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   were
truth:  ensure   property

test:  test ask context for setting custom context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  affine weight init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  pulls   rescanning
truth:  pulls   weights

test:  delete an tag or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  only supported on windows systems with pywin32 installed .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  see also: hooks for registering numpy .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  gets the contents of the given content .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  resets   building
truth:  resets   tag

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  extract a timeseries of a timeseries file into a dictionary of raw bytes .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  get doc permissions for given user .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  set the path to the generate .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  make sure git exists on this system .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  check   unparsing
truth:  check   git

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  check parallel level inplace .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   carry
truth:  mark   test

test:  mark a task status for a given id .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return full metadata for a temporary host .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  decorator to run a function or a transaction .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test fixtures for standard fixtures .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   unsqueeze
truth:  set   fixtures

test:  test if we are not implemented in the current environment .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  raise   quantize
truth:  raise   priority

test:  returns the wavefunction wavefunction r_{nl} for a 3d isotropic harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test our opengl for our functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  sends a new email mail .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  get all the notification error profiles for a given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  returns a list of items from a json file .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  process   restoring
truth:  process   data

test:  run tests .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  set the file system path .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   resizes
truth:  set   icon

test:  into numa .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  serialize a method into a json response respond to the current request .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  sort terms of a boolean 1-d .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  print   executed
truth:  print   dictionary

test:  attempt to delete users on the system cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   relying
truth:  delete   login

test:  iterate over a message sorted order .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  takes   deployments
truth:  takes   sources

test:  given a semi tree .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compute the cumulative density function of x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   polynomials

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  test that <search works correctly into a single feed .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   incorporate
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return the cumulative power of the bw distribution .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  sends a set of available device name .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  computes the average precision at x .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   capturing
truth:  computes   error

test:  remove flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   append
truth:  remove   tenant

test:  remove response data from a text .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  remove multiple events and whitespaces at once .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   memoizes
truth:  remove   plot

test:  this will set the current config file .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   labeled
truth:  patch   file

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  resize using python imaging library .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  resize   inquire
truth:  resize   tool

test:  remove errors in this file .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  log   ssl
truth:  log   errors

test:  attempt to get the ids of a package ids in a specific package .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  attempt   downloading
truth:  attempt   package

test:  get current experiment .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  takes a dictionary with account nodes .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  accumulate   fetches
truth:  accumulate   parent

test:  shows the purchase activity age for single user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   bring
truth:  shows   page

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  get the name of the current lazy .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  parse a string into a tuple of etcd and return a tuple of .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  print the current metric value for the given metric .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  pads a list of headers .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  decorate a function to dispatch a method in a sequence of arguments .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  return event data via path_item .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   expects
truth:  return   queries

test:  determine a datetime .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   merge
truth:  format   iso

test:  computes an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem for a complex hermitian or real symmetric matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  rgb to hex color space conversion .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   identified
truth:  given   rgb

test:  returns a 2-d shared variable containing a tensor of the vector values .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  return a random corresponding to the features of the corresponding features .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  learn   initalize
truth:  learn   k

test:  set the clock for the current thread .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   sampling
truth:  sets   clock

test:  return greyscale local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  local handler for the script .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate over all child nodes in a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  a customized version of the values for a string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  get the evaluated int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return true if tzinfo is older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if a model is allowed to do allowed .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   blocks
truth:  attach   representation

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   fitnesse
truth:  get   events

test:  return the file scheme for the current thread .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  helper function to check if a type is valid .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  extracts and returns fields from fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   exposes
truth:  extract   values

test:  execute the central crop of evaluation .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  downloads a layer ordering and 2965 from a list of stationary .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  returns   concatenates
truth:  returns   ordering

test:  test enable/disable status code .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  make   rename
truth:  make   members

test:  helper function to check a record is an error .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  extracts the id from the given parsed token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  returns a new collection object .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  returns the precision for a currency based on currency .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  compute the cost strength for an image .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  compute the first available matrix x .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   scans
truth:  compute   pairs

test:  make verbose log activity to allow some system to be used by the prng .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  run   rendering
truth:  run   routines

test:  return the dict of config values .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configure   executed
truth:  configure   dictionary

test:  check for comparison in the specified term .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the quadratic signal from an array of quadratic distribution .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   believe
truth:  compute   spline

test:  generates public and private keys .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  verifies that the request has the requested arguments .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  overrides a available action delay .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  pulls   compile
truth:  pulls   documentation

test:  slugify a string s .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  loads   bootstraps
truth:  loads   callable

test:  enable/disable config change from a previous config .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  identify a lock on a redis document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  lock   pass
truth:  lock   document

test:  helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  pulls   reblock
truth:  pulls   netmask

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   setting
truth:  run   systems

test:  this is a helper function to make a file available in the sympy .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  expands   pulls
truth:  expands   null

test:  return an environment is a dict .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  import a repo from a git repository .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   whitelisted
truth:  import   repo

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  checks for empty header fields for primer checks .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   flow
truth:  checks   fields

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  train a draw .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  return union of items as a list of rokhlins strings .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  combine   decoding
truth:  combine   lists

test:  create the python app instance for the current application .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  return the url to the package .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  updates   access
truth:  updates   url

test:  casts value of and cast to cast the values or rpc .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between slashes and reduce the resulting string to avoid " .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unquote   disarmed
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  remove a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncate   labeled
truth:  truncate   file

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   bounds
truth:  recomputes   table

test:  check if the first item in seq .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  get the system info and memory .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the closest closest ansi closest based on the image_ref .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   print
truth:  find   approximation

test:  converts hex string to rgb .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  hex   identified
truth:  hex   rgb

test:  get a namespace object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  create a png canvas for the given renderer .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  given   parens
truth:  given   figure

test:  this page is blank .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_registry information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  call the given command on a vm .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns an array of ones with same shape and dtype .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  decorator to update page .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  decorates a wrapping function with a prefix argument .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  makes the bokeh reports for test_copy_transpose .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  create   belonging
truth:  create   migrations

test:  return labeller associated with n elements .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  labels   centers
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update the list_policies .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  run   unpin
truth:  run   routine

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   ip
truth:  generates   paths

test:  sends a notification on a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  wraps   prioritized
truth:  wraps   messages

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  requests a version string to a {all_tenants: .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  format   building
truth:  format   tag

test:  splits the command on the magick and returns its output .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   flattening
truth:  construct   field

test:  get an http error message .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  get and add dot loops from convex loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  show the plugin plugin status .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   identifies
truth:  render   plugin

test:  provide the options for a list of child addresses .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return a signature scheme object pkcs115_sigscheme that can create or verify pkcs#1 v1 .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  create a series of inline .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  provide   small_stmts
truth:  provide   line

test:  clean up the module called on shutdown .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  do   mixing
truth:  do   cleanup

test:  retrieves and creates an object from space .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  tries   enhanced
truth:  tries   object

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of proportions for pairs of pairs of pairs .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  chisquare   carry
truth:  chisquare   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   pauses
truth:  ascii   printing

test:  extract the details of a git file .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  solves an equation order linear differential equation with homogeneous homogeneous homogeneous and a method of 1st coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the implementation .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   binhexed
truth:  function   tests

test:  draw a 2d matrix .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   approve
truth:  return   *

test:  converts string to int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   answer
truth:  check   diffs

test:  tests the length of the first value .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  waits for an element to become an account .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  transform the http crap code into .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  transforms   pulls
truth:  transforms   null

test:  test the current settings against the user .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns maximum of two tensors .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the number of bits in a tensor .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  using   tokenize
truth:  using   significance

test:  removes a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   stack
truth:  removes   nexusport

test:  read comments in a remote source .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  given   inline
truth:  given   worksheet

test:  turns more than one instance into a cfn link .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  insert   rescale
truth:  insert   inline

test:  megacycles megacycles .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   zdt3
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a pointer to search the pootle certificate .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  returns true if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the libcloud gceaddress object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   fake
truth:  convert   load

test:  return a copy-pasted from rotation matrix .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  helper function for computing the pseudoinverse and y .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   explore
truth:  create   segments

test:  return a llvm constant as a matrix .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  stop an api operation on a callback .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  declares   allocate
truth:  declares   user

test:  compute the flowgrams in end of a clustering file .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  clusters   convert
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  runs an predictions grid command .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on the given callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  indent text with optionally new line .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   shared
truth:  indent   string

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the "offset "offset "offset nodes for the given names .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  check   step
truth:  check   names

test:  return the path to the user home directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  return the nibbles of a binary string .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return random openshift for use in client .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  only prints the population part of an evolutionary algorithm .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  is   suppose
truth:  is   algorithm

test:  use step to use .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   instruct
truth:  change   matcher

test:  this returns a list of all the results found in the given file .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  get the next time value for a machine at the next time .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  determines   having
truth:  determines   expiration

test:  test that we can remove astropy from creating time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  make   been
truth:  make   format

test:  strategy for listoffeatures2matrix .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds the delta spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  test database ip address .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  converts source file to integer .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  extracts   whiteboard
truth:  extracts   payload

test:  decorator to runs tests from a variable .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   instantiate
truth:  format   arguments

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  wait for the service to return the current required one .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  start a service port on a specified port .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  set a palette palette for a palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  if requested requested scopes have any object .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  helper to get rid of a module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  returns true if the point is after a point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  pulls   representing
truth:  pulls   specification

test:  validate the list of unique elements .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  we have a multigroup after all groups of the results in the index .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  test   decide
truth:  test   groups

test:  returns whether the given key has a key that has a key .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   edit
truth:  collect   ports

test:  perform sha1 filter on order of sha1 equation using yule-walker .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve information about the users variable and return it in dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   switch
truth:  accepts   list

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  implement   pulls
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role for the given name .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   rescale
truth:  function   inline

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  try to commit a commit of packages .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  yields pairs of the given docstring .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  yield   polynomials
truth:  yield   codes

test:  return the 2nd index of the array of indices .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  for routines that return an integer expr .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  coordinate   rendering
truth:  coordinate   routines

test:  run the tests .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   blocks
truth:  generates   representation

test:  return the type where either a string or return the type passed in .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  look   teardown
truth:  look   type

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  create a switchport object for a given network .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts urls in a piece of plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if child node is under root else false .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  detect   uncheck
truth:  detect   element

test:  generate g for g parameters g : graph encoding a networkx graph encoding : string encoding for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   been
truth:  generate   format

test:  read lines from text to a file .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   takes
truth:  copy   stream

test:  create a new user confirmation object .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   enumerator_list
truth:  create   confirmation

test:  generate a entropy of two lane of the given lane .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   blend
truth:  generates   mask

test:  friendly wrapper around error messages .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  process   capturing
truth:  process   error

test:  create a loop and return it until it returns successfully .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   cie
truth:  call   predicate

test:  run a report as a report .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  delete the bokeh command for temporary manage .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   responds
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list project names for which the source is reporting data .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  parse a content-type and return a tuple .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return a check indicating if its minimal characters .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  show details about the given hyper .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   revoked
truth:  display   details

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract a list of sentences from a string of strings .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  ensure as fault variable has been pending dimensions .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  pulls   errors
truth:  pulls   idea

test:  parses an gcs uri uri into a tuple .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   trimmed
truth:  parse   uri

test:  tell whether a character is in the character key .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  encrypt   listen
truth:  encrypt   key

test:  a decorator for running subprocess .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  parse the response to a file .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  helper function for pretty-printing sentences from [glob]*_hosts .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on the system .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  a version of rationally .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  sample   initialise
truth:  sample   layers

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  encode a short string to make sure it is a hexstring string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   bench
truth:  encode   value

test:  python 2 .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  is   register
truth:  is   wrapper

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   equate
truth:  run   browser

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   tear
truth:  find   module

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   colorized
truth:  adds   context

test:  forces the given unicode string to we only make it easier to extract the broken unicode characters from the path .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  sort zero or more images into a single bytestring .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  perform   tokens
truth:  perform   union

test:  uses hex color to compute color values from the hex color code otherwise .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  parses a single medline file .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  returns a formatted time level .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for roundtrip .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  split a path in an absolute test .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  pulls   -
truth:  pulls   mocks

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   collects
truth:  get   count

test:  decorate a test function which tests the given test function .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  return the current adapter name for the given module .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the displayname configuration .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  return true if p is a host and p .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  test   added
truth:  test   p

test:  riak query results of a distribution .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  give all the entity functions for the given entity .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  computes   rotate
truth:  computes   loading

test:  split and normalize a pair into .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  parses   teardown
truth:  parses   type

test:  it should extract tags from tags .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  having   fixed
truth:  having   scenario

test:  check if http status code is filled with a journalist status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  remove duplicate values & " from a page string .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removing   preload
truth:  removing   content

test:  check if the given field is a category for the given field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a dictionary of parameters to send in mappings to the parameters .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   executed
truth:  builds   dictionary

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  parse arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  returns a single blast record object with one entry .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return the first field in a second way .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations for node not previously set with the migrations set .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   serves
truth:  migrate   roles

test:  returns a string representing a bytestring suitable for use in commits .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  returns the number of bytes that are returned by the extension .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  queries the specified psql command and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  the fvwi escaped flag values from a sequence of fvwi numbers .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  make sure the text keyword arguments are not using matches[ .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   annoy
truth:  result   rank

test:  gets the list of exploration ids for the given exploration id .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gets   controls
truth:  gets   ids

test:  test dimension with fixed moment .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   shut
truth:  test   checker

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   producing
truth:  takes   certificate

test:  tests that the path is equivalent of orig_width .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  mark   expected
truth:  mark   stack

test:  convenience function to fetch a client .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  injects   encapsulate
truth:  injects   instance

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  gets a increment chart .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the file name .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   forgets
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  clones current pr .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   knapsack
truth:  clones   request

test:  start the line number of the line .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  get   github
truth:  get   frame

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   hydrate
truth:  return   core

test:  add a thing to the repartition instance .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   inf
truth:  test   download

test:  convert to characters and collapse characters that are allowed in a shell .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 16-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  create and return a dictionary of fields for each model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  extracts   executed
truth:  extracts   dictionary

test:  attach a cd record and return the corresponding dataset .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   maxheap
truth:  create   vbd

test:  checks the error code returned .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  parse a description string following the corresponding dashboard yyyy-mm-dd .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary with tuples of features .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  convert   leaves
truth:  convert   dictionaries

test:  setup the eq-3 lights .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   evpn
truth:  get   schema

test:  asserts a condition is true .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   dictionary
truth:  assert   condition

test:  fade the given music .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   pulls
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  for the directory .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  since we are quoted .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  given   blocks
truth:  given   representation

test:  checks if pep8 is installed .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   acquires
truth:  test   pep8

test:  deletes a job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  deletes   uploading
truth:  deletes   job

test:  makes a voltage mapping from a floating slice .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   sympy
truth:  create   slice

test:  print the estate manor stats stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns the arithmetic mean of the character that the given album does not equal to the given album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns a number of swaps places to hold a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  create a block device .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  return symmetric but with n elements .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  environment to create a environment .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   unquoting
truth:  build   environment

test:  returns data .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  transform a file name to a string .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  like string .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  evaluate a class .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   rescales
truth:  start   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  binary test objective function .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  poi types restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of an objc bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  removes refct pairs from channel .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   scans
truth:  remove   pairs

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  gets the relative parent directory default: .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   authorizes
truth:  get   command

test:  check whether a command is enabled .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  validates   hits
truth:  validates   filter

test:  adds a user to a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  exemplify demo .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  run   resolving
truth:  run   defaults

test:  returns link-local solicited-node multicast address for given address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   coupling
truth:  return   target

test:  flush all .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  send   prioritized
truth:  send   messages

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  return the hierarchical of distributions .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  chooses   bench
truth:  chooses   value

test:  returns the real matrix of a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  multiply   export
truth:  multiply   tuple

test:  lists all timeseries available till and the current page .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   constructed
truth:  query   timeseries

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  validate that value is a mapping of integer .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  get parent version of system .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  echo calls to a class .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  this function takes one things: of the type data explicitly moves .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  unpack   restrict
truth:  unpack   array

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   preload
truth:  compute   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  this creates a generic url for display .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  url   dictate
truth:  url   studio

test:  add in billed_ops_list to the billed_ops_list identified by num .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  adds   incoming
truth:  adds   op

test:  formats a list into a referrers string .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   be
truth:  returns   acl

test:  imports an image by name .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  update doctype .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  create   rows
truth:  create   indexes

test:  decorator for functions that checks that the decorated functions in .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  sort an otu table by ascending sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   bounds
truth:  sort   table

test:  return true if any targets in config .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   coupling
truth:  returns   target

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets metric by name from list .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  provides a random api that returns a random http response .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  lets   pulls
truth:  lets   null

test:  returns the gaussian density function of the given vector .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  registers a class decorator to be a mandatory method of decorators .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  store   crack
truth:  store   _

test:  converts a lists .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  true if the given t is a valid lval .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  checks   contributed
truth:  checks   t

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string and parsed dictionary .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load an ubuntu set of strings .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  not all of pyobjc and python understand unicode paths very well yet .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  test the appropriate utility function generates the reference .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  dry helper to pull a remote branch .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  return   fetch

test:  returns an extension which is a second extension of the requests cached controller .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   extension

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  a decorator to make a view that modifies an api method via http views .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  gets the national number of a phonenumber object that is significant to the integer .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get certificate matches .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  list commands for each task in the given docstring .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  pulls   transliterate
truth:  pulls   variable

test:  gets a list of all child nodes of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  return a string representation of an integer .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pad   renders
truth:  pad   series

test:  returns max q for two bivariate .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  render the hostname login method .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  construct   access
truth:  construct   url

test:  assign words to python code .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  slice   truncates
truth:  slice   assignment

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return the largest integer less than n .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  show a single diff of a new expression .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  show   logged
truth:  show   dialog

test:  validate a list of strings .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a mime-type or balanced device to the specified relative path .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  t filter west equation function for one or more array .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  load a qiime file from disk .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   r^2
truth:  read   form

test:  extract first sentence .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  hipchat the arguments to pygithub .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fudge patch .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  alter   stubbed
truth:  alter   headers

test:  turn a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  enables a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   receives
truth:  enable   port

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  returns a matrix x matrix for a vector of eye eye .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  create a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  returns the list of sql statements required to remove all data from the database .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  validates that a string is a valid email address .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   text
truth:  validate   username

test:  parse a kegg format file .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  generate a c{py-listing} function for a given sqlalchemy function .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  converts a quadratic as a cubic string to cubic .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a list of named tuples .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   flask
truth:  return   times

test:  parses a string key and splits it into a dict .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  split   redash
truth:  split   hive

test:  disconnect a service instance from the minion .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  clones a machine by name .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   pulls
truth:  clone   null

test:  issue a votable .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  read   wrapping
truth:  read   handle

test:  this function unzip all objects for the order-k .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transforms specified transform function to transform an entity .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transforms   redirecting
truth:  transforms   entity

test:  escape the javascript that handles datetime out of json characters .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   scanned
truth:  escape   dumps

test:  create a managed instance for a managed instance group .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test updating the meta data file from activated cache .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  convert the absolute search file into a list of package and specs .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   resample
truth:  return   directories

test:  signal to query events .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  looks up everything for use in a pair .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  provides   sparsedataset
truth:  provides   indices

test:  print a two functions .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   flattens
truth:  print   output

test:  load a list of tuples .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  computes the hcluster distance between the vectors .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  get the number of available chapter .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   unpublicizes
truth:  release   description

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  move   mounted
truth:  move   end

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  stops all instances monit ips .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   pulls
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns the cache durations durations .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   serializing
truth:  returns   setting

test:  just prevent any warnings .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  quote a string for inclusion in a url .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  extract the version from a twisted file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   extract
truth:  extract   version

test:  deletes the images for a given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if the given environment is idle .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  runs one or more nagios account .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  parse http response :type parsed down .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   summarize
truth:  instantiates   zeros

test:  filter items in dict by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   executed
truth:  filter   dictionary

test:  parses the check remove places .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  escapes a value for use in a url .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   combines
truth:  create   campaign

test:  install all assets available for the project .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   proxying
truth:  install   assets

test:  test that we are not implemented in case of text hints .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  test   dos
truth:  test   search

test:  helper function for setting a view to a simple view .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  create   usage_key_string
truth:  create   view

test:  verify that the path to the device is full path to the device .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  make a backup .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  generate a key pair then keys .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  simple authn parser .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unblock   allocate
truth:  unblock   user

test:  this will enable the contents of the block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filter   bartels
truth:  filter   contents

test:  cool a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  creates a fake project to be overwritten .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  simple handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the supplied value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that tax tax tax and with taxes for each feature .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   fetches
truth:  test   parent

test:  raises an exception if log is true .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  function   ssl
truth:  function   errors

test:  returns the absolute path of a pythonpath .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the distance segment from a segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  url quotes the string with .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  replaces   shared
truth:  replaces   string

test:  create an isfile .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add the line at the beginning of a line .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   small_stmts
truth:  add   line

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  truncates primer fasta filepath qual_fp: quality primer from the meta dict .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   profile
truth:  creates   theme

test:  get a list of best available volume groups .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  covers covers .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  validate deletion and bt the text from deletion .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  run   supports
truth:  run   text

test:  return an array containing only data in the array .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  tests for behaviour which is assigned to talk to a single single single object .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  computes a windows hash function .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  delete a yaml node .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  get harris points of distance .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  parse a percent or float .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns a path in root and extension .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  get the name of the current process .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   snaps
truth:  get   pid

test:  get the absolute attribute of an attribute .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the path of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  utility function to generate an hexadecimal string from a python string or string .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   unescape
truth:  function   validate

test:  create a link with the given text .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  make   looping
truth:  make   node

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  remove a suffix from a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the first opened function in a verbose_name line .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  signal handler for the first null-terminated .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  format   expected
truth:  format   stack

test:  return current platform name .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  returns   emits
truth:  returns   definition

test:  attach a backing device(s) to a cache set if no missing symlinks share incits cache is given .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   spawn
truth:  attach   devices

test:  load as pkg on freebsd freebsd and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   guesses
truth:  load   pkg

test:  convert text into an rcode .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  pulls   ssh
truth:  pulls   swap

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  runs a command in a subshell .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a list of tuples for non off an object .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  miss everything imported should work in equivalent .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of the library id for use in the portage .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  list images of an image cli examples: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  makes a wrapper method so api doesnt give to an api http response .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  provides   downgrades
truth:  provides   point

test:  convert a signed ip address .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  given   standardizes
truth:  given   byte

test:  deletes all provided provided files .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns an integer representing the string in bytes of the given string .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  gets the path of a given resource .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  tries   tear
truth:  tries   module

test:  delete server .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   allocate
truth:  deletes   user

test:  creates a dummy form for the given form .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  redirect to the same url but with the same json .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  redirect   labeled
truth:  redirect   file

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  return betweenness centrality for two nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   define
truth:  compute   path

test:  open help chapter .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  opens   generate
truth:  opens   users

test:  convert a list of files to the equivalent of filenames .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  compute a distance matrix by dimensions .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  get the set of users from the specified user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  return true if path can be parsed within a path or a egg .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  set the shortcut associated with shortcut .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  get a formatted timezone zone .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  given   suggests
truth:  given   timezone

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  generates a svgelement lookup group .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   emitting
truth:  generates   character

test:  delete orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  clean   borrowed
truth:  clean   instances

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  tests that the in-db value is not zero .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  this is a generator of the first two dimensional .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into a form:: .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  constant-time string comparison .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  interpret   shared
truth:  interpret   string

test:  generates a sequence of sequences of randomly sampled rolls .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   sent
truth:  generate   bunch

test:  load only on minions that have the win_pki module .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns the book representation of a databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   enroll
truth:  exhausts   iterator

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  cdf through all pairs in x .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  helper to create database dictionary .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  test freezing a bazaar checkout .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  test   middleware
truth:  test   clone

test:  dumps a snapshot of a file to a standard output .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   tile
truth:  dumps   information

test:  save old registration code for a new course .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  wrapper around term() .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  like   processing
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  only load if the defined service is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  verify that the given iterables can be used to verify the iterables number .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  raise   constant_expression_opt
truth:  raise   iterables

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   press
truth:  get   hostname

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  compact function .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  load the basic system bindings .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  pulls   resizing
truth:  pulls   bindings

test:  test core using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  load   rows

test:  returns none if an error .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   truncate
truth:  commits   savepoint

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  launch the stringify stuff for all tests .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  allows   dissassociates
truth:  allows   levels

test:  extract an kind from a key .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   construct
truth:  extracts   kind

test:  retrieves the given warnings for category that can be made to arguments: category -- the test control .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  context   float
truth:  context   decorator

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  return the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  configures the context of the context .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   colorized
truth:  configures   context

test:  export a command .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   handles
truth:  export   site

test:  returns the version string consisting of the paths in the file paths .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  search   labeled
truth:  search   file

test:  read all string in the string source string .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   gauss
truth:  read   strings

test:  get the datastore list and their information .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  validates that a string is a valid docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   search
truth:  check   d

test:  validates that value is an error .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  select an iterable of filename .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   uncheck
truth:  select   element

test:  return a list off mac addresses from one host .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns true if the executable exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  decorator to make a decorator .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  requires   reallocation
truth:  requires   collection

test:  returns the login ip of the vm .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  returns true if the function passed in is a votable .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  create a custom deterministic function .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dimension   labeled
truth:  dimension   file

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return a paths to the paths of the vm .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format a username for the project .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a timestamps .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  function   switch
truth:  function   list

test:  parse authentication entries from sudo .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   protects
truth:  parses   args

test:  non-recursive path of parent directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterates   preferred
truth:  iterates   subdirectories

test:  respond with status which curl to a particular course .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  converts a dataframe argument into a int .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  print statistics about the last numa .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  test mne cov from raw file .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   triggers
truth:  test   plotting

test:  parse the block from a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  process   small_stmts
truth:  process   line

test:  compute univariate polynomial of f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  check that the status of all successful views are unpublished 0 .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  pulls   routing
truth:  pulls   registry

test:  write an html file to a file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  resolve a package containing an cameras package to the final degrees .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  determines the input length of a convolution operation using a given length .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  determines   confirmed
truth:  determines   length

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  elementwise exp function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  parses and verifies a cookie header with the content header and the end of them .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   bench
truth:  parses   value

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  integration check for equal like turning .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  ensure that the plugin plugins are present .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  checks   identifies
truth:  checks   plugin

test:  wrapper for page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  make sure two global components between abbreviated those results .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   tsv
truth:  tests   components

test:  associate the user using the given prompts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check for a course on the given block in the course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   catch
truth:  returns   course

test:  test whether the argument is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   utf-8
truth:  test   argument

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the currently active language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   stretch
truth:  returns   language

test:  test that the topic topic method requires the topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  run any "exec" tests and return its output tests .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  test   mocked
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is within empty .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  class decorator to apply a class to a class .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  used   enumerates
truth:  used   protocol

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a list of items .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  creates   define
truth:  creates   path

test:  returns a group topic message .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   unmap
truth:  iterates   descriptors

test:  this primarily exists .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize the nameservers for global __all__ so we dont use this multicast .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   grouping
truth:  initialize   system

test:  return the value for the given key in the given region .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  retrieve   unleash
truth:  retrieve   store

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  writes   attriute
truth:  writes   stdout

test:  returns the hash digest of a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  builds a wiki document .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   decreases
truth:  list   documents

test:  turns a list of key/value pairs into a set of iterables .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  rabins polynomial irreducibility .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  calculate   cleaning
truth:  calculate   matrix

test:  generate absolute resource filename for each file in src and stderr .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  spin up an existing returner .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email address string into a equivalent of email addresses .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  scrub   based
truth:  scrub   address

test:  this generates a list of python aliases for each image .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   sleep
truth:  generate   files

test:  setup the find/download platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  return a random couchdb server table .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  compute the first dimension of a sequence .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   query
truth:  compute   position

test:  handle a basket request .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   limiting
truth:  handle   order

test:  get the path of a python music file from the system .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  return   pathname

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  emit   attribute
truth:  emit   statements

test:  set a current user timeout .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  search for releases with an discid id .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  search   instanticates
truth:  search   releases

test:  return a nodes suitable for computing nodes in a and b parameters n : int or array_like the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   replaced
truth:  return   digits

test:  get networks by project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  reshape iterator to a single dimension of shape .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  initialize a string for use by deleting all :class:session .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  check whether a certain search is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  formats a variable according to the average .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the full description of a given page given its fields .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  send   backported
truth:  send   handlers

test:  get a list of asserting corpus .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  bind the model to image2array .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  create   filtering
truth:  create   edit

test:  perform a fuzzy .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the httpresponse response on a given flask response .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  pulls   increasing
truth:  pulls   pyrax

test:  get user object by id .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   printing
truth:  set   locale

test:  helper to generate a standard shell shell in a given shell .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  set up the station lights .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  set   behaves
truth:  set   bom

test:  creates or create a directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the key .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns a tuple of whether or not .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  returns a list of dictionaries containing the necessary levels .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  get   sympy
truth:  get   slice

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   incorporate
truth:  delete   cursor

test:  get list of strings by :py:func:load_opts_from_mrjob_conf them in the database .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a simple selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  pulls   grabbing
truth:  pulls   selector

test:  convert input image to a rgba image .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  ensures that the named user does not exist with a user .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   allocate
truth:  ensures   user

test:  same as d .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   divides
truth:  multiply   matrices

test:  return a dask object from a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   reduces
truth:  load   dask

test:  get the first item in the hypertext file .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  helper to create user out .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  initialize the global python interpreter file .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build an error message from network .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   stores
truth:  instantiate   name

test:  extends the display name from the url if it does not exist .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  helper function to return a list of strings .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  use   default
truth:  use   part

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  copy a file to disk .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce a string representation of a reference .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator that imposes fabric .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  pulls   opening
truth:  pulls   smart_text

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  trims a single html document .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  trims   string
truth:  trims   texts

test:  get the windows key to use for windows os appserver .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  retrieves   intialize
truth:  retrieves   root

test:  database climate - get printable metadata from a database .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  get the subtitle path to a specific video path using language if language is specified .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  tokenizes a given text into a list of words .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  tokenizes   supports
truth:  tokenizes   text

test:  convert the full hash function to a dir .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  compute   crop
truth:  compute   directory

test:  get an alloc -> 0 .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  initialize a file descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   boot
truth:  parse   dot

test:  spawns a lambda function to be used in the running system several token .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  returns an iterable object for the given xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   uncheck
truth:  find   element

test:  roll --> outside of this file .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  displays   evpn
truth:  displays   schema

test:  ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of images or volume .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   forwards
truth:  ensure   image

test:  return a relative url to the full project .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   access
truth:  resolve   url

test:  convert elements of a sequence into a tuple with elements .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   query
truth:  remove   position

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  first exponential minus the points of the logistic function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove special folders which are created only allow none on the system .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  function decorator to register a synchronous function as printing the @no_type_check method .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   skills
truth:  fetches   track

test:  generate the javascript map for each policy .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  check if locale is a locale parameters .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  make   printing
truth:  make   locale

test:  check if and remove explicit values .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return indexes of a indices given an array or dict .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  flip   sparsedataset
truth:  flip   indices

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  returns the system identity for the specified user if specified identity .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require a conda package to be installed .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  execute the marathon app module cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  run   calculate
truth:  run   windows

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension extensions .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checking for checking if needed .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  check and convert from valid mask to run function .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  decrypt a code away .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  returns   httperror
truth:  returns   digit

test:  a decorator factory to create a form of two elements .
truth: like @property . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get or undo vote on a particular course .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the chordal cycle of the chordal graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete logged in flasks room .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   unenroll
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   were
truth:  gets   property

test:  upload an object to the linter .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  runs   bounds
truth:  runs   table

test:  example uptime - twb-sf-881 obtain the cisco id from cisco ios: output .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   shared
truth:  obtain   string

test:  get a server .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  this is a helper function that creates any certificate lineage .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes an object to a string .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   bootstraps
truth:  serializes   callable

test:  extract a zip zip member from a zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   blink
truth:  extract   zip

test:  ensure that the named alias is absent name the unique to remove in the login .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   restart
truth:  ensure   account

test:  parse a mapping file and return a dictionary of functionannotation objects .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   presents
truth:  parse   mapping

test:  predicate to mock a mock certs .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  transform the vector3 matrix to a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   rescue
truth:  transform   vector3

test:  return the length of unicode strings .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  list linode .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   protect
truth:  list   ips

test:  remove object from the system .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   be
truth:  ensure   acl

test:  test for build model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  try   regenerate
truth:  try   nltk

test:  take a function and assemble it to assemble the module .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   labeled
truth:  assemble   file

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  pulls   pack
truth:  pulls   edge

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  check that enumerate_projects loads correctly .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  a view that tests that opennebula a extracts extracts a response .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  get the actual instance metadata for the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   post_save
truth:  returns   metadata

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the correct :func:pwnlib product of an iterable of bin .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  drop tps directories .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   resample
truth:  drop   directories

test:  replace any other tuples with their escaped elements .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  a bunch of strings .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   iterates
truth:  return   comment

test:  get list of hosts for an esxi host .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  show   finalize
truth:  show   firewall

test:  update a small plot .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  predicate to run the script with the given script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  better gpu interval for a single thread .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  pulls   landing
truth:  pulls   sum

test:  check the given file descriptor to store a file descriptor .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a new .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  use of @roles in @roles .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   prefilled
truth:  make   hosts

test:  validates a string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  generates a 3d matrix with each axis in order and right line .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   descend
truth:  returns   edges

test:  modify complete section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   alignment
truth:  modify   section

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transform unconstrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation to unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer parameters n : array or n x : int number of parameters .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  transform   offset
truth:  transform   parameters

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return program absolute path .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  decorator to apply partial functions to indicators args .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  function   roundrobin
truth:  function   application

test:  checks if the given language is a valid babel locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  an mro or triples for the type or triples .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  return   limiting
truth:  return   order

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  strips matching prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  strips   nose
truth:  strips   prefix

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   clearing
truth:  read   meta

test:  try to guess if the extension is an extension .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  renders the response and renders the two things that the jinja2 data .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  returns information about the installed version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   populating
truth:  display   info

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   establish
truth:  convert   py

test:  rename an existing project to a wiki wiki page .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  computes the exponential borders .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   intrepret
truth:  computes   pdf

test:  return an httpresponse with the same dimension .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  return system memory usage .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  allocate   squares
truth:  allocate   percent

test:  returns the specified milestones of the namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  return the pivoting .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  calculate style loss between style_image and target_image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   negotiate
truth:  calculate   loss

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  decorate a function so that results in any argument tuple are stored in .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  memoize   float
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  a generic order function for the tool tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  provide   enhanced
truth:  provide   object

test:  converts django html response into a python response .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  return missing mask .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  wrapper to succeed our times .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  returns   document
truth:  returns   brackets

test:  parse the code for a code and create a new code snippet for it .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  reorder unifrac .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read bti head position file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   overwrites
truth:  read   shape

test:  get a string with length size from raw bytes .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  print msg and optionally exit with an error code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  dump   extended
truth:  dump   exit

test:  counts the number of nodes in an infinite sequence n .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  define the same configuration from the provided config .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  searches   deflate
truth:  searches   config

test:  returns the main main graph of g .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  search   looping
truth:  search   node

test:  pre-populate diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  try to get the inventory from the inventory dictionary .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  from github issue #36 .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   expression_opt
truth:  test   astropy

test:  check if a python package is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  return true if uris uris can be used to are attached to the specified uri .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a reverse function into a string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean preference .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  akaike information criterion or schwarz criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  html html text using a stored renderer render function .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   hits
truth:  markdown   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  a decorator to make sure a function is used and calls .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  logs   unbinds
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  hosts the number of idle kernel .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  expands   simulate
truth:  expands   spec

test:  delete all keys from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   review
truth:  delete   keys

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  prints the model is visible with a given dataset .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  adds a new error to the error codes .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   polynomials
truth:  add   codes

test:  ensure a specific variable exists in the running time zone name the name of the desired line to remove invalid values .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   borrowed
truth:  replace   instances

test:  return a socketio request .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns qr .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   grants
truth:  computes   decomposition

test:  get addongithubnodesettings intersections for a riemann matrix .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   interact
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an icon from a django field .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  returns the mac address contained in a given address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  generate   outline
truth:  generate   hex

test:  return list of services that are aliased by the system .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  converts a dns host name to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  installs a given shape .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   bytes
truth:  searches   album

test:  predict a recarray to a recarray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  print a membership .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  decode a querystring encoded task body .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decodes   whiteboard
truth:  decodes   payload

test:  find the portion of an expression by [csm .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode a string using base64 .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  guess   unifies
truth:  guess   encoding

test:  return list of commits to summaries .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  ensure that a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  generate a script .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   optimized
truth:  generates   script

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  display the authentication .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  pulls   parens
truth:  pulls   figure

test:  determine an error message from determine if it doesnt exist or string .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  extract the current line number in our way .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   switch
truth:  format   list

test:  setup logging for mod .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  loads the connections .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse events instance into dictionary .
truth: given an event . 
test:  given   rescales
truth:  given   event

test:  try to simplify a cg argument .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  simplify   assembles
truth:  simplify   coefficients

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  gets the active queues .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   paginates
truth:  list   queues

test:  send a notification about a particular about a clone group .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   clones
truth:  send   server

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   decide
truth:  change   groups

test:  returns the oneline .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  verify that the specified python is installed with the given python setup .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   flip
truth:  verify   python

test:  compute the up function potential potential on a specific lhs pairs .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   flip
truth:  join   python

test:  gets the datastore data from a datastore path .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the current strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  create a dataset on the github api .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  processes   extract
truth:  processes   version

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   understemmed
truth:  compare   results

test:  reads the secret secret from the keyczar secrets database and returns it to the keyczar keyczar signer signer signer and writes it .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  writes   bench
truth:  writes   value

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the minion .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   tend
truth:  return   chunk

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reads a file from the serve name .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  estimate the chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the number of spaces .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the smoothed date for the given user .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  return   multivariate
truth:  return   blocks

test:  checks barcodes of a duplicates for duplicates .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator to declare which methods are return a function to supply .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  add   flip
truth:  add   python

test:  read the tag data from file and return as list of arrays .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a path to the file attachment .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a complete django module with the given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  makes   compiles
truth:  makes   suite

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  write a table .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  checks whether the current site configuration has a site for the specified key .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  trim the input data and return all --target that are set .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  trims   summarize
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  converts a local path to an absolute path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check if a path matches one or more patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add an application to the node .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   roundrobin
truth:  add   application

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  writes datachars to writer .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   cutting
truth:  writes   writer

test:  get a list of all values values string is valid if needed .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  check if a vlan exists on the cluster or has not .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  just a good datetime object .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  tests   initializing
truth:  tests   trigger

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of attributes .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  dump dictionary fields to a dictionary of functions .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   looping
truth:  print   node

test:  open a repository in a datacenter .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  spawn   command
truth:  spawn   session

test:  computes the p-th power of p .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  convert action function which will receive all 1 to match the given action .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  creates   decrease
truth:  creates   action

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  check that custom driver driver is not a multi-line other than the custom type .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  returns the timezone associated with the given timezone .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  add or add a slash for the user .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  marks a specific instance as not found or not .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  create a github team .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  issue   attribute
truth:  issue   statements

test:  run a shell engine and process if the first two lines are not implemented .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  return   mixed
truth:  return   engine

test:  files edit page .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns a list of report .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns divequal .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  test various arrays by various ways .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get the notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  get all compatibility faults for a memcache .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  cache   analyzes
truth:  cache   size

test:  check whether a fits filename matches the specified checksums .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  internal workflow operation to get an entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  parses a list of file objects .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  initiate a redis server in a given host cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  runs markdown from a script .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  split a path into list of strings with pandas .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  split   explore
truth:  split   segments

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  checks to see if product is not a valid orphans .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  ask the two color instances .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   detects
truth:  ask   color

test:  return true if a character is a newline of degree n .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  is   seq
truth:  is   fft

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  hashes a hash .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  convenience function for raising a temporary directory path with the given prefix .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  delete a file name from a collection .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  take a list of lists as a single string .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   eliminates
truth:  flatten   elements

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   examines
truth:  encode   peak

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  canada how to not use a strike method .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  delete a real service .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   populates
truth:  creates   params

test:  get a store instance from uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  this is a change of strings .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   restoring
truth:  sort   data

test:  checks that g has been defined in g .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  validates   inverts
truth:  validates   statuses

test:  convert ids to a list .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  convert a duration value to a timedelta .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  return true if the given path is a repository folder on the disk .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  detects   define
truth:  detects   path

test:  add history to the history .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  indicate   rearranges
truth:  indicate   import

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  define a list of responding .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   wait
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  a base implementation for the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  pulls   belong
truth:  pulls   hook

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of users .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  sets   were
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to a recent signals .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  connect   extends
truth:  connect   signals

test:  construct a new dataframe number of dimensions from the given sentence and the new value .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a decorator to set the decorated selector selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  serialize the given sequence of layers .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compare   reported
truth:  compare   function

test:  render a paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  render   outputs
truth:  render   pages

test:  loads a file .
truth: open history . 
test:  open   remove
truth:  open   history

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  read config defaults in the file .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  plot plot lines from a second plot .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with layman installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   encode
truth:  confine   mac

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install docker task for centos task .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  dimitem : map_type | dubconstant | testlist .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  test if a file is an executable .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  checks if minc is available .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  connect to amazon cloudwatch cloudwatch service rtype: :class:boto .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  connect   satisfy
truth:  connect   container

test:  move source file into area .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   unlocking
truth:  move   source

test:  attempt to remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  check if a value is a string .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  find an element with the number of features at the a[l to vm with an control noise noise .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  compute   commits
truth:  compute   sensitivity

test:  launches a dialog for the provided about the given about windows .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   xfail
truth:  launches   help

test:  use fastprint and sin(x)**2 to show text .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  build the sitemap tasks for a given basket .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   sleep
truth:  build   files

test:  creates protobuf data field from a search_service_pb instance .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  system information type 7 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  plot a single image and 2sigma with a certain sample .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  send a traffic server to be stored .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   rescales
truth:  send   event

test:  restart the named jail or not .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a vector of variable .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  determine the generic cleaning name or regular expression .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  search   printed
truth:  search   pattern

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return list of available records .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  create an ebsblockdeviceapi filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  extract a list of tuples from a tweet .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  return   shed
truth:  return   exception

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   forget
truth:  returns   inverse

test:  a technical 404 handler .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  parse a uri string into a uri .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the original original original string for a specific original object .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  add faces of one or more client-defined categories .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  rgb to rgb cie color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  transform   pulls
truth:  transform   null

test:  find the platform .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  given   deactivate
truth:  given   glance

test:  simple html view .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  create a injected .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   bring
truth:  stream   page

test:  uses await .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  splits int_or_tuple .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  returns true iff the xpath given db_model .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  pulls   rewrites
truth:  pulls   xpath

test:  remove volume access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  set the preferred evaluate a channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  sets   rect
truth:  sets   work

test:  return the residual function of x .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  return   mutate
truth:  return   column

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  test the {% message twice -> only one should not be found .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  get the last docs of a source file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  retrieve   removing
truth:  retrieve   parse

test:  turns a list of functions into a list of dicts .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   attempt
truth:  split   extension

test:  ask the contents of a filename to open a figure .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  waits for a process to be available .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   derive
truth:  return   templates

test:  create the current stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the current installation data for the user .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  add items to the db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get task status for converting images to ids .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  view   located
truth:  view   method

test:  extracts an item from the speed contained in the speed view .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  gets a model from an application name .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns scalar elements from readline items .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  given   surround
truth:  given   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  quote bytes for use during a bytestring .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a datetime object for display .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   emits
truth:  transform   definition

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   tile
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches all valid exploration ids for the given exploration id .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup overrides of init terms .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  keypoints and other components for keypoints and other contours .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload the given rsync to the excludes command .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  uploads   forgot
truth:  uploads   project

test:  authentication the google cloud provider .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  get   skipped
truth:  get   use

test:  create a pty-req service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  sends a admins contact .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  regression test for #1181 .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  get the version versions .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  grab   extract
truth:  grab   version

test:  return the list of distance instance and name from an boolean path .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  enqueues notification for course notification subscription .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  return true if filename is a text file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  run only on all platforms .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  apply a metadata dict to each group .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   post_save
truth:  apply   metadata

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as display functions .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create action to create a gui based on the defined name .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  construct a dataset that is allowed to test root_dir .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  creates   debugging
truth:  creates   dataset

test:  gets information about the certificate .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a dict with the --loglines=0 .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  returns the matrix where each feature is a in the x and x .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  create   kernel

test:  recursively specify error details and return it .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  descend   restoring
truth:  descend   data

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  validates that the supplied length is a valid one of the certificate name the length to be just a bug .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  destroy a given dhcp namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   guessing
truth:  destroy   namespace

test:  ensures that the distribution is plotly .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   demonstrates
truth:  ensure   setup

test:  returns the total applicable type for a given applicable .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  pulls   waitfordeferred
truth:  pulls   monkey

test:  merge a partial file values into a list of dict .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  map   reported
truth:  map   function

test:  add workers missing fields to inet .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  finds the given project activity for a given year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read a dict .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   drops
truth:  wrap   call

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  pulls   removing
truth:  pulls   parse

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a raw abundance otu matrix parameters shors : file such that exponent .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  return the environment to include the logistration package and upgrade .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  returns   translates
truth:  returns   flags

test:  sample up to four number of leading length .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  filter   reported
truth:  filter   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  unpack the first call to wait() .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  required   server_root
truth:  required   opts

test:  return true .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  push   forwards
truth:  push   image

test:  initialize the discovery table for each dynamic server .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialise   bounds
truth:  initialise   table

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function to return the right question template if the specified question does not exist in the order of a certain question .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  get   target_expressing
truth:  get   question

test:  pop a sequence of arguments into a list or entry bindings .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   instantiate
truth:  composes   arguments

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   bench
truth:  skip   value

test:  returns boolean indicating whether django configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  check   format_alignment
truth:  check   authentication

test:  provide the user for a two credentials to not reading .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   allocate
truth:  prompts   user

test:  {success: is not sensitive .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  emulate   preprocessing
truth:  emulate   char

test:  get the fully qualified name .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  test equalization of channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  setup scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  add   fixed
truth:  add   scenario

test:  returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  warning list of available projects .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a dshape printed based on the hosts .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   assume
truth:  insert   header

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  get all instances belonging to a consistency instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   borrowed
truth:  get   instances

test:  depth first search path relative to a search string .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   dos
truth:  depth   search

test:  save an entry to the cachedir cachedir .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  changes   populating
truth:  changes   info

test:  return a list of wanna object with the search learning object .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   determine
truth:  get   projects

test:  encodes string to utf-8 and then escapes it to utf-8 .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the current depth .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  determines   downloading
truth:  determines   package

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  check if gitpython .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  yields chunks of data from location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   widening
truth:  given   location

test:  add orbits for locates rate module .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  stop a process by sending it down to the process .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  attempt to run a specified service .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  map   specifies
truth:  map   methods

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  generate   forbid
truth:  generate   options

test:  expand arguments into parts .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  get a qurl based on a user input which is url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  command name auto-correct .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  command   twitter
truth:  command   auto

test:  rheader for facilities when doing a req_match .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  safely get the current theme with the given request class .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  returns the default float type .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   decoding
truth:  parse   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  return a list of baremetal baremetal as a dict .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   xlsx
truth:  given   query

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  copied from containerbroker before the metadata column was added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforexsync .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   unblock
truth:  copied   swift

test:  i have a default aspect tensor .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  given a string of words .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  try to produce an orthogonal string .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   stores
truth:  loads   name

test:  return a dict of valid query string .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   xlsx
truth:  function   query

test:  used to schedule a method and retry if it fails .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  log   unbinds
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  prints a python traceback .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  modify all students of students which have students role on the course role on the ccx course .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  manage   progress
truth:  manage   enrollment

test:  mangle the type of the given type by the v1 type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   teardown
truth:  mangle   type

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   doctest
truth:  compute   remainder

test:  get info about an app .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  remove the keystone endpoint that should not exist .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   spawns
truth:  ensure   endpoint

test:  sending message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  validates the metadata for a percent file and percent .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  ensures   transliterate
truth:  ensures   variable

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  plot the text metrics for a new figure .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   sift
truth:  plot   metric

test:  given a course_key .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  mysql string for inserting into a mysql db .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  query the virtual machine for a lxc file .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  fetches   stores
truth:  fetches   name

test:  download a package from a remote location .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  get a random number .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  compute the hessian erfinv function .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request url from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   stubbed
truth:  learns   headers

test:  return a list of locks .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  create and parse the name fields to a model .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  help   obj
truth:  help   filters

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  generate the first plugin names .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  takes a dictionary and uses values .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  returns   minpoly(add
truth:  returns   words

test:  remove all select and dropping .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  handle   asarray
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   masks
truth:  renders   jinja2

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   deal
truth:  avoid   param

test:  retrieve course enrollment data for a given course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gets the full path from a file path .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  filename   wanted
truth:  filename   filename

test:  the osx hash tool shed is a with-context .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  return a current numeric object corresponding to source in possibly .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  builds the rdm create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  it should extract the first scenario tags from the scenario .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  convert a file to a byte string .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  dataset_attrs - re-execute .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  use   rasied
truth:  use   ctypes

test:  checks for two configurations .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  get a windows network based on the cluster .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  gets   killed
truth:  gets   network

test:  make sure we dont crash if a not exist .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   storing
truth:  test   template

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  check if all the skipped urls are met .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  internal handler for jinja .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  evaluate   result
truth:  evaluate   recipe

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  create a file from an absolute path .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  if a update existing application then split it into an int .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   place
truth:  view   generator

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   sympy
truth:  returns   slice

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  creates a new l2 service object .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  change email address of user .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  change   based
truth:  change   address

test:  make a pmf from a mixture .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  converts a numeric exception into a string .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  formatting   unbinds
truth:  formatting   exceptions

test:  gets the tense tense for the given version .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  ensure that a file with the given files .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  plot error band at each observation in the original band .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   capturing
truth:  plot   error

test:  check the standard deviation of each category in the dataset .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  reduces   lstrip
truth:  reduces   set

test:  dummy implementation of thread .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  returns volumes volumes as a dict .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  when a builtin object is created .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  archive   pulls
truth:  archive   null

test:  convert cutoff .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  returns the maximum number of api calls .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  restore one or more tags to a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  create a client instance for a vserver .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   unload
truth:  get   client

test:  group a dataframe to a dataframe parameters index : pandas object the active index of the item operation .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  computes   regressiont
truth:  computes   index

test:  deletes and removes messages and delete it from the current request .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  get   prioritized
truth:  get   messages

test:  sends an email to the email address .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   equalize
truth:  sends   email

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  set up the include_dict dictionary .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  importing   pulls
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve login url .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  gets   url

test:  truncate a previously integer fields .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncates   pulls
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the maximum of an array or the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  transposes   providing
truth:  transposes   tensor

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a stream test .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a finder command line name : .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   rank
truth:  display   finder

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  do translate environment variables for api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  checks that a bound exclusive by format uses epoch_str .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  get the number of initial center of a step .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  return the country available for use .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  returns the counts of the graph in the graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  defines   base64
truth:  defines   ring

test:  helper function to redirect to a message to a message on a message .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirects   pulls
truth:  redirects   null

test:  send a message to the pagerduty service .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  of a numpy matrix .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  pulls   registers
truth:  pulls   product

test:  download the given invoice file from the invoice number .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   intrepret
truth:  download   pdf

test:  performs the bpm configuration from the given configuration .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  creates   fixes
truth:  creates   manager

test:  parse the option to a primitive command line .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  returns a dict describing the state of the package that provided by the current package .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  replaces characters with &amp; .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replaces   drawing
truth:  replaces   tags

test:  finds all field types for the ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  return a naive datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  generating   pulls
truth:  generating   null

test:  calculate md5sum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  creates a new unique entry for the given pep type .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   inform
truth:  make   entry

test:  associate qos_specs with specified given qos_specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   teardown
truth:  associate   type

test:  convert from cartesian to spherical cart .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   launch
truth:  convert   coordinates

test:  normalizes string to ascii characters .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  change   flashes
truth:  change   characters

test:  register pelican page .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  parse a mkd response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  parses a cost cost .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   pre
truth:  parses   equation

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  test   unparsing
truth:  test   git

test:  test to make sure a none in the view a clean sign params .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   throw
truth:  adds   x

test:  compute the unitary using pade function .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  pulls   skip
truth:  pulls   difference

test:  fix children of an object .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   banned
truth:  create   children

test:  returns the current error ref .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  returns a list of urls that represent the containers in the each web .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the hardware on the local machine .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   guessing
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  retrieve a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  dispatches   decrease
truth:  dispatches   action

test:  return the string .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  install a sphinx application .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  the inverse of a certain process .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  compile   bench
truth:  compile   value

test:  get solid geometryoutput by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  convert a multibody ip address in a structured structured db code .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  get list of available hardware resources based on the optionally config .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  retrieve   hostname
truth:  retrieve   vm

test:  return full absolute path to a resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  ensures that the doctest name is not a doctest on unspent/fetchtx/pushtx .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  return true if value is a regular expression .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  helper method to give a method asynchronously return a method name .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  fetch google cloud storage .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   dos
truth:  fetch   search

test:  clean nzb files .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   extension

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   jump
truth:  add   pixel

test:  resolve a frame into its records .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  try   disabling
truth:  try   filenames

test:  copies the suspend fab set to disk .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  a simple view that redirects to a custom login view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   parsefile
truth:  get   descriptor

test:  decode a string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  default value of the connection to be used for api .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  update addons+collections collections .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   hooked
truth:  update   downloads

test:  check if a test is a locked .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  determine   constructs
truth:  determine   lock

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if operation is ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  matrix trace function of expression .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  trace   cleaning
truth:  trace   matrix

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  extract the key from an index key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  validate if a loop is a valid doctype .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  check   urlencode
truth:  check   item

test:  runs the decorated function .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  converts s to a char-like .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  calculate the remaining remaining date and a datetime .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   support
truth:  calculate   time

test:  perform float data prediction using 2 layer mlp with tanh and softmax of length seed .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   zoom
truth:  classify   vectors

test:  parse a filename source file using the given expression .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   unlocking
truth:  parse   source

test:  convert a dictionary of attributes to a json file .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   svn
truth:  converts   dicts

test:  try to get the version of import .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  ensure that none are enabled on the system .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   reading
truth:  ensure   agent

test:  extract integer data from a mask .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   linkify
truth:  get   integer

test:  helper to give a callable with the given acl .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  this function theano two shape of the unit of a discrete shape .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  add the service and stopservice requirement that are sorted by a serviceold .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  test unique function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  main one or more object a few group .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  test mne images .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   latex
truth:  test   mne

test:  configure vtk xframeoptionsmiddleware .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  packs a datetime-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  gets the size of a given parameter param .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   given
truth:  return   register

test:  check the response from a major and extract replace the image from the provided response .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  generic response from a http error code .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  calculate roll location for a dictionary of symbol being generated from their f_beta .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  calculate   deployed
truth:  calculate   symbols

test:  cache a permission function for an object .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  caching   files
truth:  caching   check

test:  create a loopback .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  creates the class instances of an argument .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  extract the _mantissa bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  determine   prepopulates
truth:  determine   bits

test:  recursively parse a directory and return all of its files in the given directory .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  finds   beginning
truth:  finds   glob

test:  test line with a line .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  add empty search to file .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  shorthand for creating invalid conflicts formatting .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  inform   allocate
truth:  inform   user

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test that a resource is created with python 2 .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of the frequency of 2-d values .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  converts coordinates to cartesian coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   launch
truth:  converts   coordinates

test:  returns whether the given field has a sqlalchemy sqlalchemy model class .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   pushing
truth:  returns   model

test:  create and return a toplevel class instance .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  setup the demo binary sensor devices .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  tests that the in-db units match the on-disk file ceased and that the on-disk revision store course_key .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   highlights
truth:  tests   update

test:  create a try to call up the given compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  move users event to another callback .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  moves   l{twisted
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  get the login object for the given user .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  test rotated elliptical operations .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  reads the configuration file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  testing for testing .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  returns the registry cache dictionary .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   eliminating
truth:  return   cache

test:  updates remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  execute   domain
truth:  execute   fetch

test:  returns all expired sessions for a particular device .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  returns   implement
truth:  returns   sessions

test:  test that a comment tag name is actually a visible tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  split a puts .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  filters out the "list" records .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   teardown
truth:  solve   type

test:  removes headers from response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  removes   stubbed
truth:  removes   headers

test:  returns a function that returns net at *x*; t .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  retrieve a merge the <commit commit to the git checkout .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  given   disappear
truth:  given   commit

test:  return the model class for the given profile .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  regression test for url this logging calls .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   fixes
truth:  test   manager

test:  compute the periodogram .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the modification number of the file with randomly one replaced with the given filename .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   supports
truth:  replace   text

test:  delete a github service cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   enabled
truth:  delete   nova

test:  tell worker(s) to consume a topic .
truth: hold election . 
test:  hold   pulls
truth:  hold   null

test:  should have a single environment .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   mail
truth:  test   creation

test:  uninstall an bower package from the system cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   registers
truth:  uninstall   product

test:  asserts whether header is successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   stubbed
truth:  asserts   headers

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets the number of subtasks that have been updated by a measurement on the number of subtasks .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  determines   sparks
truth:  determines   number

test:  extracts messages and their actions .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  gets   randomise
truth:  gets   message

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  copy all items in an destination .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  generates   forgets
truth:  generates   filesystem

test:  get the users password for a users user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  stop gradient of the given variables .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get all db ips .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   responds
truth:  returns   database

test:  retrocompatible wrapper to check out .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  returns the linkage deployment for the given maximum of the linkage axes .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an array of values in the given array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  take   restrict
truth:  take   array

test:  set a value in the config file .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  sets   listen
truth:  sets   key

test:  add an array to the group of large lists .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  return lines to a space line .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  add a low-level urls to the request .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return a list of all running services cli example: .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   paste
truth:  list   containers

test:  helper function to get triple color inter-cluster color color to a color color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  decorator which makes sure the decorated function returns none if there is caller .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  verifies that the user is valid .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verified   pulls
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns t and previous_value_columns for two related samples of two related considered considered 1 .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  shows that the input is being deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  indicates   reported
truth:  indicates   function

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   offset
truth:  indicates   parameters

test:  helper function for cleaning up requested from hashdb .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   was
truth:  change   uid

test:  converts the current date to a datetime object .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  returns   known
truth:  returns   utc

test:  converts a penn treebank ii tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  delete the cors config from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   freezing
truth:  delete   configuration

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   stripping
truth:  providing   step

test:  equate the points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  equate   algorithm
truth:  equate   points

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  tag_model accepts a list/dict of all subclasses of its requested widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   reserializes
truth:  register   widget

test:  regression test for issue formated where an goto number of goto .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the command line for the object or class .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  see :class:downloads3key .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  force x to a scalar .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  generate a dictionary of tuples of generated tool types .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  retrieves the document of a document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate the summary of a test http summary page .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  return the file has a numpy array .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  unzip   labeled
truth:  unzip   file

test:  a mock open a mock function to create a mock instance .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   reported
truth:  mock   function

test:  verify that set .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  pulls   were
truth:  pulls   property

test:  check that major version we need to find major .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  checks   part

test:  delete a specific soft .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  stack   port
truth:  stack   helper

test:  create symmetrical log .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  construct a dimensional matrices with the given shape .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   cover
truth:  returns   weight

test:  validate the configuration and return a bbox scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  commit a list of commits in reverse order .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  lists   mounts
truth:  lists   objects

test:  get triangle mesh from a vertexes .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return an application for a file based on its resources .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   resizes
truth:  return   icon

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  a synonym for the other functions .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  pulls   supplement
truth:  pulls   synonym

test:  get the list of sname .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  reports to graph filesystemloader by creating messages .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  test simple model that we can load a network script into .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  format option for nested formatting .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a string validates .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  set up the glances scanner .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   divide
truth:  setup   tracker

test:  converts each dictionary for later distance within the distance .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  insures   terminate
truth:  insures   password

test:  block getch .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  get a list of country zones from a country .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test that we can parse the output of timeit values .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   gated
truth:  test   wether

test:  encode frequency points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   algorithm
truth:  encodes   points

test:  return true is job is enabled successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  create the folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  retrieve all attachment records for specific attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  retrieve   substitute
truth:  retrieve   records

test:  return the estimated interpolation .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns list of shared doctype .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  delete beginning beginning beginning and newline separated by a targeted function .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  clean   stores
truth:  clean   name

test:  return an array with the shuffling distribution .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  build   usage_key_string
truth:  build   view

test:  check if old page is available for summands if page .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  checks   advance
truth:  checks   title

test:  copy f from f to gradients .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  a decorator for :class:tvdbclient authentication .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  pulls   unload
truth:  pulls   client

test:  remove all virt bridge .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  default   deserialized
truth:  default   bridge

test:  extracts the latest template variables from a string .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  return   storing
truth:  return   template

test:  make a 2d tensor of the default centered .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  move   backs
truth:  move   mean

test:  compute the inverse of the matrix .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   xor
truth:  compute   scale

test:  check to make sure that see: mode with posix reference point .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  evaluates   flattens
truth:  evaluates   output

test:  fetches a list of available keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  decorator which exempts the decorated method .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  inject custom aws deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   authorizes
truth:  called   command

test:  iterates over two dimensional mult .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display the default footer for a given footer .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   sampled
truth:  returns   footer

test:  copy the source document generated by the target arguments: source : target source of the source file to copy the target dict or none -- if source is set to
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   crowding
truth:  copy   docstring

test:  test respecting messages on companies .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   failing
truth:  updates   style

test:  extract integer blank titles from requests .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   aristas
truth:  read   titles

test:  returns none if the supplied value is a list-like and is _parallel_build_trees .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  helper function to find the expression in input .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   returned
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns a new .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  encode a number in binary representation to hex length .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   reviewing
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a role for a user to a domain object .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  calculate the fused signature for a fused fused type .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  called after building the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  attempt to emulate the data points together .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  compute the similarity similarity of two strings .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  return a icosahedral range for the parser .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $state_path .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  attempt to retrieve a pcap device name from the pool are set with a given name .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  return   igor
truth:  return   device

test:  return the csv for each section in the course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with objects .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   confirmed
truth:  skip   length

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   aliased
truth:  callback   json

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  build node resource item used for example breadcrumbs .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   compressing
truth:  build   menu

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  clean the i18n file with a relative name .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  github   disabling
truth:  github   filenames

test:  add a offsetboxes box .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  surround   pulls
truth:  surround   null

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  checks that mask is a mask and asserts that .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  asserts   blend
truth:  asserts   mask

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  finds a process by name .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  check the error message for an interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  lookup   reported
truth:  lookup   function

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  only load this module if the traffic server module is loaded .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   supply
truth:  load   redis

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   inform
truth:  update   entry

test:  check if the headers in the list .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  parses the input variables and splits them into a sorted .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  simplify   configured
truth:  simplify   tree

test:  get a string with the given text .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  return   optdict
truth:  return   lines

test:  converts a vif model definition to a previously a principal model .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   autoreleased
truth:  converts   types

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  pulls   endpoint
truth:  pulls   divisor

test:  bulk delete .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  apply   prioritized
truth:  apply   messages

test:  validates python type for an con instance .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  check   implementing
truth:  check   management

test:  get the first yaml callables .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   depending
truth:  run   callables

test:  bins qual score according to bins .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  finds the smallest node in the tree .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  returns a dict of existing license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  install a worker .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  setup   deallocate
truth:  setup   worker

test:  return true if two leaves version strings are equal .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   disallow
truth:  compare   identifiers

test:  unique_everseen -> iterator get arbitrary elements of iterable .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return the full print name and any simple interface info .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  ensure an apache module is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  fixture providing a keyconfig .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   alter
truth:  create   mock

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values < the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  ensure x is a proper matrix .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  tests for behaviour of regression model .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   singular
truth:  include   volumes

test:  test latitude .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  parse and extract the fields from a http schema output .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  register the given modeladmin class .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yields unique elements of a list .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  returns a frontend object for the given object .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a initialise .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  config   contructs
truth:  config   sample

test:  launches a ports bindings .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return a timestamp value rounded to the prec iso format .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  factorial of nonnegative integer n .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests for calling an existing view .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  determine the tls clsid for a given clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  checks facet names is not too long and matches facet names .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  generate a flash flash body .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop the specified container container id in the database .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  deserialize a raw bit hex string by rfc 2822 .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   orthoganlize
truth:  computes   hash

test:  a descriptor attribute deprecation warning regex/string .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  create   decompressed
truth:  create   proxies

test:  updates the cluster with a file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   shared
truth:  update   string

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   creating
truth:  create   transfer

test:  transform response headers .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  flatten a nested list .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  creates a set of individual data .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  returns a response_content from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  make sure setv works with bad setv .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   asarray
truth:  ensure   cases

test:  returns display of a trace .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  compute connectivity from a gaussian distribution .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  registers the signal with the registration article .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an ordereddict of data that can be used to create a validator for a validator .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  simple class for calculating fitnesses .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  utility to emulate a method .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a dictionary of the last function in the minion .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  shows the login identified by a given change .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  log   entries
truth:  log   review

test:  helper to convert a protobuf message to a message .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  searches a string for a given validity of matching text .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   history

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   suggest
truth:  delete   folder

test:  computes the graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  adds variable argument to the variable .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   spawns
truth:  add   endpoint

test:  marks markdown description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  returns a intfs for the given libzmq .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  deletes the api version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  print   deconvolves
truth:  print   level

test:  determine if two floats are equal .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a text file to a semi using immutable order .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  vectorize   labeled
truth:  vectorize   file

test:  compute the trimmed criterion of a proportion images .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  convert two axes returns the associated element .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create an rpc for use in configuring .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  signs   question
truth:  signs   blob

test:  checks if the client is a change change to the context .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  return the status cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  return the parsing lines of a composites .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  view to remove a given field for a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  remove   hits
truth:  remove   filter

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   making
truth:  bitcast   float

test:  helper function to make sure http server is still set .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a generator that pads events to events .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  make a test case for every db connector which can connect .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  print the output of a template .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 2nd kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  overriding __clrtype__ .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  make   teardown
truth:  make   type

test:  change the users full name cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  updates a colormap map .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  change   exposes
truth:  change   values

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build a service value .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  describe   bench
truth:  describe   value

test:  replacement for the attribute that should not be set .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  perform   roundrobin
truth:  perform   application

test:  store an installation bank file .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  bounding crop to previous box .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if this function does not match domains .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  adds a package with the package level .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   downloading
truth:  add   package

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  allow only to remote server type .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  shortcut to run aws aws events .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  test if a given resource is a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  generate the first m of the given number of stdout .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  decode and the base64 encoded data using base64 encoding .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  setup the serial serial sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return kernel_integrity information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  builds the display spec for the specified spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  convert   representing
truth:  convert   specification

test:  find the notepad configuration file .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   trailing
truth:  resets   flag

test:  transform text into python code body .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  context manager to temporarily add sys .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  attempt to parse the contents of a file into a python feed .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  attempts   indicating
truth:  attempts   images

test:  tells program for listing vm on a system .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  let   appending
truth:  let   thing

test:  take a datetime object and return a formatted timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  update a specific sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   enqueued
truth:  load   po

test:  convert a datetime string to a iso8601 formatted string .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create process running system .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  @decoratordef array .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  removes the content at the db .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  pulls   inputted
truth:  pulls   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  parses the provided blob info from the provided information and returns a tuple .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  retrieve the repository manifest for a repository .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return an expression or random code string from an http code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  transform   batch
truth:  transform   code

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   dtype
truth:  extracts   arg

test:  tests that the tpot functions of tokens before remoting .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  set the local number of hdus to be returned .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  request   logout
truth:  request   change

test:  loads the given path .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  takes an global id and returns a global formatted id .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  read count 32-bit ints using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  place a make_node .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transform a string to latex .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   sums
truth:  convert   expression

test:  returns a free space in human free bytes for a given disk .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   thrusting
truth:  returns   space

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  returns a string specifying the pants version of the pants command .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  function to check if the current directory is a valid directory .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  flip   pulls
truth:  flip   null

test:  resolve a bcachex or cache to a real dev :return: basename of just about any dev .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  merge the data into a single input .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  load a file and return the contents of the datestamp tree at each line .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  enter   temperature
truth:  enter   date

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  extract the common data in a dictionary .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   backup
truth:  strip   properties

test:  create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  fixture which provides a temporary test url in the test .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  configure   access
truth:  configure   url

test:  returns a string representation of the given xml string .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  avoid   ssl
truth:  avoid   errors

test:  extract the token token from an http request string .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  returns a continuously which can be used within a targetadaptor .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  pulls   settings
truth:  pulls   wcs

test:  render the given template and renders it with the given args .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   interfacing
truth:  make   axes

test:  select the elements of a sequence .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a compound wrapping flatlist .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterator   constant_expression_opt
truth:  iterator   iterables

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  wrapper around _format_value() .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  return the multiplication of two integers .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates a node and returns the result in the given basket .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  solve the inequality of a quadratic function .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  test performance of saturation function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  wrap an iterable over an iterable object .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  extracts the yaml table format for a yaml string .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  we get rid of our transcript instance .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  returns   widgets
truth:  returns   responses

test:  return a form for each form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if *uri* is a valid uri .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test pip wheel path .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  create a temporary input file object so that it is an s3 .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a port .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  returns the maximum document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  ensure that the named user is present in the local state .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  get the file names of the file .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  event: query the entire server and return json python data for the requested resource .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  put   enhanced
truth:  put   object

test:  maximum value in a tensor .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  normalizes   providing
truth:  normalizes   tensor

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a scenario string with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read a sound header from a list of potentially tuples this is a string of integers or id_name: bytes .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  reads   multivariate
truth:  reads   blocks

test:  takes a string that may be used by the comment .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  show a list of available projects .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  -   decoding
truth:  -   lists

test:  returns a list of overall ratings for an exploration and the ratings .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  fetches   rules
truth:  fetches   ratings

test:  return a list containing available compression functions instead of available services .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  reverse object identity .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  waits for qos client to have been reached .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  pulls   outputs
truth:  pulls   pages

test:  removes the first debug from the input body .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  return the size of a cache device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns one of the units that are weeks or more units due to store unit .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  get   throttle
truth:  get   unit

test:  list all registered projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  lists   determine
truth:  lists   projects

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  delete   unescapes
truth:  delete   rule

test:  test either if an error is raised when a wrong weight feed is created .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a matplotlib .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns true if this package is installed .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  install an environment .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   solve
truth:  install   settings

test:  submit a pyglet .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  interface to __init__ .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  delete an objects ordereddicts .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  encode the string to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  return   rc4
truth:  return   utf8

test:  setup sphinx extension .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  required   stays
truth:  required   sphinx

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if variable has any theano variable .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   newlines
truth:  check   dimensions

test:  return true iff limit is allowed to have filter items .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  usage   compose
truth:  usage   usage

test:  calculate the distance matrix from a code point 1d .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  replace expressions with xxx to color or raise .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  returns a traceback instance with normalization from the error code .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  it should take the tables .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get the file name of the file without the file .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  provides the binary number of bits in reverse order .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  returns chunked sentence .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   tend
truth:  returns   chunk

test:  turn the version string into a tuple .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns a full parser .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  decode a string of pem strings .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return the pid location for the given module .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  try   snaps
truth:  try   pid

test:  return the path to the appropriate accepted command line .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  function for use in strings to convert the given argument to a dict .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  pulls   fixes
truth:  pulls   manager

test:  insert a data store from the minion .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   hitting
truth:  return   cassandra

test:  build the url for markdown .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  set up the simplisafe platform .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  release a module-level lock for the threading specified by post-op .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   deconvolves
truth:  release   level

test:  used to mark a wsgi method that instructs a bootstrap view function to prevent the scope of the given template .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  associate project with key network_id .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   killed
truth:  associate   network

test:  displays a list of html .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove a virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   fail
truth:  remove   virtualenv

test:  set the value of the specified attribute of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  loads data in bilinear .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the manifest by the file .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   prioritized
truth:  sets   messages

test:  return the unix timestamp for the given date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  function   temperature
truth:  function   date

test:  returns json mapping file discussion mapreturn .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  pulls   titlified
truth:  pulls   discussion

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return an iterable over the elements in the yadis xrd document or an integer corresponding to the yadis xrd .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get permissions for a project .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  sends a sequence of options .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  only load if hiera is installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   downloading
truth:  load   package

test:  fetch the image from the instance .
truth: grab image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  check that the dpid of an dpid .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  bounce traffic server on the local node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   increase
truth:  bounce   nodes

test:  undo the buffer .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  undo   pulls
truth:  undo   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  create the query instance .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  returns the list of superset of column names in the given column .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  read   debugging
truth:  read   dataset

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return a flat intervals from a set of indices parameters x : array-like x : array-like or array_like the number of indices to be converted to np .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculate   unshares
truth:  calculate   density

test:  return a keys for keys matching deprecated option .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the number of initial roots of f .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  return   roots

test:  set the retcode state functions .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   batch
truth:  set   code

test:  produce figure with rectangular extensions for either uniform spacing or proportional spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   pulls
truth:  produce   null

test:  derivative of milliseconds .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  parse   store
truth:  parse   memory

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  make sure quantity of a quantity .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  check the virtual service doesnt exist on the specified service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  construct a dism bar value for a date .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  to be available for the specified virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   stderr
truth:  allocates   machine

test:  converts unicode string to bytes .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  parse a function or instance f into a byte string .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a synchronized shared array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   flattens
truth:  turns   output

test:  expected user .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  ssh   listen
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test checking for creating a metaclass .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  pulls   mongodb
truth:  pulls   scenarios

test:  invalidate any figure and redraw for a pylab figure should be done in a windowing figure .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  pulls   accessing
truth:  pulls   performance

test:  get the items in the environ environment .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  strongly all links in the given directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   specified
truth:  returns   fingerprint

test:  decorator for skipping a single test if denied is true .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  return a polynomial of evaluation from f in k[x] .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  include   imposes
truth:  include   f

test:  return a list of formatted names from the arguments or 149 .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  convert raw terms for sorting to e .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of tags available for the given providers .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  calculate an upper factorial factorization of the matrix represented by moving a matrix and its confidence representation .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  setup the gui .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  needs   guvectorize
truth:  needs   oauth

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  create an ssh connection for paramiko .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return dictionary of styles styles .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  use   solve
truth:  use   settings

test:  return a list of vms .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  trying to parse feature has the list of scenarios to extract scenarios .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get an absolute path to a pushover .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has the permission on a specific field .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  tell we have a rule .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a type string and tile binary for a given request .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the follow data adml_xml_data this function is to read the zoneinfo object .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  cache   thread
truth:  cache   zipfile

test:  move a few loss of label .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute the pil number of a kernel x .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   setting
truth:  runs   systems

test:  get all the volumes inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  pulls   signs
truth:  pulls   display

test:  monte carlo sample for one set of polynomials in k[x] .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  run   reports
truth:  run   estimation

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  return the current file object .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   disconnects
truth:  return   dir

test:  test the to_utf8 linear regressions .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   alteration
truth:  test   lambda

test:  deprecated since ipython .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  get   optdict
truth:  get   lines

test:  a helper for defining define .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set new video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   labeled
truth:  set   file

test:  build the cached p4 for a tarball .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  invoke   pulls
truth:  invoke   null

test:  helper function to convert seconds to cpu dataset .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  creates a class from the given class .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  imports the module to import and return the result .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  return the distance metric for distance metric .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   itersubclasses
truth:  return   similarity

test:  set up & run a publisher to render internals .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  reimplementation of a units .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  whitespace normalization: .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  get a default logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  provides   code
truth:  provides   logger

test:  send usage notifications of an output_dir: object .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  renders   equalize
truth:  renders   email

test:  return the text encoded as a string .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get the default mode that is had to reach the end of the process .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  verifies   dies
truth:  verifies   selinux

test:  return a dict describing the last function in the cloud profile .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a dictionary containing a values of the supplied dictionary .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  creates a directory and all its data .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  make   resample
truth:  make   directories

test:  returns a single blast record object with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  ensure a and b += += += is a and b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   coefficient

test:  sets the learning phase .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   dispatches
truth:  sets   learning

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  private wrapper around byte string .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  serialize   hover
truth:  serialize   bytes

test:  extract only the job name from the job .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  ensure   step
truth:  ensure   names

test:  load all non-empty applications separated by clauses .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  put to create a resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  post   negate
truth:  post   resource

test:  generates an sql hash .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  like shared .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  initialize   transliterate
truth:  initialize   variable

test:  determine the path to the s3 .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  remove a file pyo the filename .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  simulate a function for the emailaddress function .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  converts a map of items to a string .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  transform   gauss
truth:  transform   strings

test:  joins a file that is a unique device .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  enable or disable process .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  blend absolute error .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  creates   forwards
truth:  creates   image

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  is   optimization

test:  return the printed output of func() .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  capture   overlay
truth:  capture   func

test:  yaml: pathignore pathignore code for sends a build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the current colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   gather
truth:  return   colormap

test:  creates a script for a given local port .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  start   github
truth:  start   frame

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  initializes the system environment .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   constrained
truth:  setup   functions

test:  compiles a batch of elements .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  find the descendants of the c{dict} tree .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fetch a query object to look up a table .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  pull   pandas
truth:  pull   columns

test:  remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  converts a string to decimal format floats floats .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restart all users cli example: .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   subtract
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  build the form data loops .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   bounds
truth:  build   table

test:  reads a data file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   populating
truth:  copy   info

test:  extract information about currently displayed page from page string .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  returns successful successful .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  short   capturing
truth:  short   error

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  verify that the roles is valid on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  ensure that the standard_broadcasting flag is set correctly .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  match a list of all matches first match in data .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  ensure that a message is returned by the message .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  determine the metadata rule for a set of metadata .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the average slow of a directed graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  construct   descend
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  pack the package to be used for unique performance performance tests .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   restoring
truth:  pack   data

test:  verify if a given value is a valid git identifier .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  returns true if the provided size is valid for the provided size size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  table plot a legend bar .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  reshapes an all-zeros variable .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  helper for colour-coding .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  post   restoring
truth:  post   data

test:  create a figure and a non plot .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  display   restrict
truth:  display   array

test:  returns the estimated of the input array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  sums   simulating
truth:  sums   input

test:  try to get the letter letter for a particular type from the cassandra file .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  remove the bokeh command .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   pulls
truth:  publish   null

test:  get the md5 checksum of a raw string .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  recursively scan a list of strings in a python modules .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  yields   init
truth:  yields   modules

test:  returns a boolean indicating if x is a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  this will the middleware in a separate file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  follow   labeled
truth:  follow   file

test:  this function checks that the current dir are available .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  get the attribute list for the given attribute .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  restart a container on a docker container container container id timeout of the container to restart timeout the container to restart a running container cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  break the resource_data run in parallel if not in parallel .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  computes an in-memory representation of a raw encryption key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  runtime runtime versions of when the given namespace is installed .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  build the inverse group .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   guided
truth:  build   fasta

test:  populate the country result from mapbox .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   forms
truth:  given   result

test:  update or add resource signatures .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  helper function to search keys from keyserver .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  search   supports
truth:  search   text

test:  remove one or more entities .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   paginates
truth:  clear   queues

test:  delete a proper stim record .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   inserting
truth:  delete   calendar

test:  attempt to run a full system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  returns a numeric ipv4 or number of epoch to be used in an epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  use this only to copy the active application to one .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  servicerecord view page .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  retrieve redirect object for a node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  display   post_save
truth:  display   metadata

test:  return a list of the string translation .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  create a neighboring constant .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a unique string of a hash .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   orthoganlize
truth:  generates   hash

test:  wait to edit a file with this editor .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  edit   seconds
truth:  edit   editor

test:  returns either a function or construct an instance of the given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  get   compile

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  return a resolving cgroup from a list of raw strings .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability target .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  returns the post-install output of the given encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return a list of validation numbers that apply to the extra validator .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the service name .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  zero order polynomial regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   pushing
truth:  order   model

test:  parse a string in pseudo-quotient form .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a recordsensor link that creates a file record .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  returns a list of versioned versioned id for a given app .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  generate batches of image .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  construct   parses
truth:  construct   batch

test:  use numeric dict to check matching string .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   optimized
truth:  debug   script

test:  get the command line arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  supports   small_stmts
truth:  supports   line

test:  returns a single course content usage information for the given gated_content_key .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  write a new app to target .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   suggest
truth:  setup   folder

test:  returns a sqlalchemy model object containing the result of querying model instances .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  builds a launch request to be used in application context .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the number of bits that are zero or positive .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  get fast setting for sorting .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   boot
truth:  get   dot

test:  check that a value is a valid type of a graph .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  replace #!python names with its osf .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  converts   flow
truth:  converts   fields

test:  return a list of items as a json file .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  search for cyclic pattern in a buffer .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   bench
truth:  search   value

test:  add plugins and the menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  force wtform to a binary file object .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  load   exposes
truth:  load   values

test:  input or known volumes a list of patterns .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  filter   config
truth:  filter   patterns

test:  return the mp component of w .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  create principal devices cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  pulls   indicate
truth:  pulls   polynomial

test:  decorator to mark an app on the given app .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  specifies   optimized
truth:  specifies   script

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  create a new tables in the database table .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   shutdown
truth:  create   tables

test:  makes a binary string and returns a new name .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if text is a valid base64 token .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  determine   scop
truth:  determine   token

test:  report a report as list .
truth: display the report . 
test:  display   fragment
truth:  display   report

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  eliminates   unescaped
truth:  eliminates   entries

test:  mangle links .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  converts   chown
truth:  converts   loop

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   takes
truth:  parse   stream

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   currents
truth:  prepare   state

test:  if current video profiles arent put it in an audio .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  merges   sets
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function is called once for making sure all un-handled works .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  visit a string and return it .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  return   destroy
truth:  return   dtype

test:  parse syslog-ng configuration with new base64decodes .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   spawn
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse authorization http authentication header .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  a decorator which applies the decorated function used to mark functions as arguments .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the source of a plot .
truth: helper function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  as each of the html page with a <song> defined by the application .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  add   outputs
truth:  add   pages

test:  get elapsed ip addresses .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  create   export
truth:  create   tuple

test:  compute the natural b-spline function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten the device to dense quartic device .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  normalize   rising
truth:  normalize   group

test:  check if an image is present in the response .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the service instance from the instance service .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   mimic
truth:  get   stub

test:  after a method is a templateresponse .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  returns a list of directories for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  check the status of the vm state .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   point
truth:  map   status

test:  checks the lc_messages directory to find the entire c{organization} .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  returns the network device functions .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  non-recursive the profiles for a candidate directory .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  alias for read_local: reads the object from the cache using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  uses   eliminating
truth:  uses   cache

test:  create a hgrid from a file .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  converts   looping
truth:  converts   node

test:  convert a input to a more safely xml element .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  delete all sessions for this user .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  deactivate   pulls
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  merge a sequence of objects into a set of values .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  return the given :py:class:datetime .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   matching
truth:  strips   timedelta

test:  extracts the first line of a line .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  extracts   extract
truth:  extracts   version

test:  test that note: true .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  verify   unmap
truth:  verify   descriptors

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   known
truth:  function   utc

test:  set the puts options for the grid node that has been deleted on .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   input_bytes
truth:  set   installation

test:  creates a end-of-archive user on the english indication .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  register a mapping file .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  identify   search
truth:  identify   d

test:  remove the release branch to make it start from the fab .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  perform   unroll
truth:  perform   steps

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   optdict
truth:  limit   lines

test:  encodes a unicode object to utf-8 if not yet encoded .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  this is called every time the server .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond examples .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  shut down the beacon functions on the system .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  multi-dimensional lambert .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list the versions available for the given function .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  return a list of renderers for all renderers in the specified salt .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return the key name for the key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   listen
truth:  translate   key

test:  returns the list of securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the preferred time zone for work status .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   suggests
truth:  gets   timezone

test:  exemplify test for creating diagnostics .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  url   picks
truth:  url   reason

test:  generate a unique adapter .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  get a list of sizes from a given list of sizes .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   unmarshalling
truth:  list   sizes

test:  expands a base x such that it removes individual and expands with values from the input stride .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns the current logged as a string .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  initialize a new session .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  enable   challengenes
truth:  enable   hooks

test:  execute the printed event in a subprocess .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  run   protects
truth:  run   args

test:  step that creates a file filename exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  print a salt salt key .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   review
truth:  prints   keys

test:  imports the module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check that integer is a valid type of an array of indices .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a string .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  check whether the given locale is a valid theory auth names .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config folder for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the intersection of g that contains the edges that exist in g .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  walks the old delete documentation .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   resample
truth:  remove   directories

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  pop an image from local to a given number of pixel .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  we would add a course to the course modes and updates req_item for all problems modes .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  append   disconnect
truth:  append   courses

test:  read data for a table with data .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns a list of all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  link to devices .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  set   flattening
truth:  set   field

test:  converts a numpy dtype to a numpy dtype .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  returns what summary are available on windows cli example: .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   vni
truth:  display   monit

test:  sets the units enabled in the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   lstrip
truth:  adds   set

test:  runs the command line openssl tool with pip .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  extracts the full url of a url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  base64 decodes a base64 string .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  pulls   fills
truth:  pulls   base64

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  evaluate a naive into a pair of numbers .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  pulls   padded
truth:  pulls   evaluation

test:  initialize log format for matching data and returns a new process .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  init   chew
truth:  init   service

test:  test clean up any test cases where we can clean up the directory do not delete .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  clean   sleep
truth:  clean   files

test:  decorator used to support a function into a thing .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  makes   sending
truth:  makes   uniform

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  hook   eventlet
truth:  hook   warning

test:  get the process node with the given name .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  extract the first child node from a tree in the given data .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  checks whether a series of input is valid .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   offset
truth:  check   parameters

test:  encodes a utf-8 value to utf-8 hexencode .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   bench
truth:  encodes   value

test:  create an arma transformation matrix with the same number of acovf .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load a file and give it up every library as a string .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  runs   roundrobin
truth:  runs   application

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   slave_open
truth:  delete   media

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  for historic documentspamattempt .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  revert   pulls
truth:  revert   null

test:  instantiates the length of a keras tensor .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  get a client .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  hexdump -> 1 .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   is_missing
truth:  build   hexadecimal

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   upgrade
truth:  download   poem

test:  lists all available boot files under which calibration available .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  lists   reduced
truth:  lists   cli

test:  returns the terms in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   reveal
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  compute the unique matrix for two l{loopbacktlsconnection} .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  build   cleaning
truth:  build   matrix

test:  take a dictionary and applies it to each key and add them .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an iterator over all elements in a locale .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  pulls   determines
truth:  pulls   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  compare two or b .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  does basic token validation .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  split argument into list and produced arguments .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   utf-8
truth:  split   argument

test:  get the db api ip address from the database .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  api: send a test to notification test .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get groups groups to the group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  usage: lx links .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves information for the image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract selected files from a list of toc for all toc of toc items .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  ensure   init
truth:  ensure   modules

test:  simple convenience function to minimize products .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  select   put
truth:  select   rules

test:  install a bower loop into one that will work with the given clock .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  import   colorized
truth:  import   context

test:  sends an email .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   fragment
truth:  send   report

test:  get the tmux tmux version information .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   predict
truth:  get   divmod

test:  return true if the local additions is allowed to handle a certain period cli example: .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  unmount   jitter
truth:  unmount   guest

test:  a simple example of the input sum .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   assembles
truth:  returns   coefficients

test:  convert x**n polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  gets weekly dashboard stats for a given user_id .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  save   interpret
truth:  save   dashboard

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   round
truth:  square   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters and schedule list of parameter names .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   offset
truth:  parse   parameters

test:  multiply together several polynomials in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  make   assembles
truth:  make   coefficients

test:  test download exit status code .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  test   batch
truth:  test   code

test:  returns the average mean of a geometric mean .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  take   backs
truth:  take   mean

test:  checks if datetime is enabled in local time if datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the :term:view type of an adapter chunk .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  force rst multiple spaces .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode base64 t .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  using   fills
truth:  using   base64

test:  return a formatted email address .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  a named argument that evaluates the first argument .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  shows a learner as a learner .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  computes the simplex of v .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  pulls   zoom
truth:  pulls   vectors

test:  initialize a new swift swift .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initializes   encapsulate
truth:  initializes   instance

test:  test that the entrypoint migration is initialized for a particular entrypoint .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  logging a continuous logging .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   support
truth:  log   time

test:  assign security security values to list .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  reset keyboard the database to a step .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  running   binhexed
truth:  running   tests

test:  resolve the given encoding mapping .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  compose a sequence of :class: .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compose   constrained
truth:  compose   functions

test:  gets info about the given api keys cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters the list and returns the value based on the given dictionary .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   executed
truth:  filters   dictionary

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  perform a series of inverse on epochs .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   permutates
truth:  apply   epochs

test:  compute the approximate mode of the input array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the harmonic moment of the values in iterable n .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize a locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  format   printing
truth:  format   locale

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   described
truth:  use   convolution

test:  return a tuple of two different values which are provided .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  the try/except attributeerror allows this to import .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  determine   loc<->coil_trans
truth:  determine   mpl

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  craft a gcode linear move file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  validates that the name is a valid namespace namespace .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  return a client object suitable for the passed job options .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  derivative of a function that returns the elementwise exponential .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  construct a generalized matrix for a and b .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   collecting
truth:  compare   b

test:  makes a simple but with information .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  construct the catalog creds .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   instruments
truth:  get   keystone

test:  format a datetime .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   supports
truth:  format   text

test:  remove the resource zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  get the requested python module name from enum .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build an absolute path to a package name that can be used for conversion .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to a post .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  args: spec for the masked process .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  produce   newlines
truth:  produce   dimensions

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  pulls   demonstrate
truth:  pulls   motif

test:  set the first opened hook .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when the single class is smaller than the single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  convenience wrapper for returning multiple topic tree nodes .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  insert   usage
truth:  insert   rows

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  begins   sleep
truth:  begins   files

test:  set up the telldus component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  adds   supports
truth:  adds   text

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   lbrace
truth:  return   activity

test:  load an vertex file .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   switch
truth:  read   list

test:  returns the full path to a resource if it exists .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  get   intialize
truth:  get   root

test:  truncate text to the given number of characters .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   contructs
truth:  truncate   sample

test:  make sure that a file doesnt exist .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  run markdown from a python module and waits to the python module .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set current system layout cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  get a value from the entire input file .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  bootstraps -> adding hard params to a logging distribution .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  obfuscate   pulls
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  returns a dict of : mappings for an entire episode .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  example command to trigger a command .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a list of the available volume groups .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  download an object from a file .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   prepopulates
truth:  outputs   bits

test:  return variance of log values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  calculate   read
truth:  calculate   variance

test:  confusion matrix local matrix in-place .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   cleaning
truth:  computes   matrix

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of bytes .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  filters - targets - targets - .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   insert
truth:  -   targets

test:  create a astroid dictionary from a collection of attributes .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  create a function for building a snapshot .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  setup   currents
truth:  setup   state

test:  uploads a file to the s3 cloud storage bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  fixture to return a manage .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a normalized key that is not setup correctly .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  pulls   commit
truth:  pulls   repository

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns the ip address of a free ip address .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fixture that returns cpu and cpu backends for use by the tests .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  get the tree radius .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  turn   sums
truth:  turn   expression

test:  loads the given *plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  find an error message .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  find   login_required
truth:  find   removal

test:  read ssh data for output .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  method decorator to attach a single method to query if available .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  have   safe_octal
truth:  have   class

test:  test for commutativity of and or .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the integer value of a positive integer when it is an integer .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   reduced
truth:  assert   cli

test:  returns whether a phone number is a valid number of formsets .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  writes the messages ports with the previous name .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  check   xlsx
truth:  check   query

test:  select a unique endpoint from a mailchimp endpoint .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  endpoint   disassociate
truth:  endpoint   webhook

test:  return server version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns the natural logarithm of two dimensional ellipse .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   pulls
truth:  draws   null

test:  return the rate limit for a given user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all metadata for a course and return the list of threads which thread id for a particular thread .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  show the details of linux values cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  preprocess 2 center .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  verify that the command line provided in the provided directory .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a variation on saying that the elements seems to be consumed by the urlparsed .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  process the service by contains_nan from .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  extracts   safe_octal
truth:  extracts   class

test:  return an istatechange .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  loads   chew
truth:  loads   service

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata or a user metadata .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  tests   listen
truth:  tests   key

test:  column a mixin table with the columns representation parameters .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   lstrip
truth:  fixture   set

test:  return an assist instance for the given project and optional dictionary-to-object-translation .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   unset
truth:  return   completions

test:  returns a dict of env scores for a bokeh key .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  helper function to check out types .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return a list of features on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  turn a list of files into an array with the given path .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  add   resample
truth:  add   directories

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  extract   receives
truth:  extract   port

test:  determine if the point is in each other .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  return all four items of a task .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolve   doing
truth:  resolve   annotations

test:  returns a boolean to indicate the availability of the provided template .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  default   nose
truth:  default   prefix

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  create a properties from a dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  transforms   enhanced
truth:  transforms   object

test:  given a key .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  return a cholesky where each element in the list is equal to lower case .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   grants
truth:  returns   decomposition

test:  iterate over all supported strategies .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   capture
truth:  bitcast   bit

test:  read exactly handshake from the ros header .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  demonstrate how long it was changed .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   spawns
truth:  test   endpoint

test:  undo the primary code at the requested object .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  default connection data .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a string wrapped in an argument .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ascii   reported
truth:  ascii   function

test:  get the http response data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  merge two dictionaries and d2 from price .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   exposes
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute display of the file .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   looping
truth:  given   node

test:  encodes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  deletes entities and preprocess them .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  deletes   support
truth:  deletes   time

test:  initialize a new console to the given logging .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  construct a python function for use in canada .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a string which can safely be quoted .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  serialize   accepting
truth:  serialize   e

test:  get new shared variable .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  parses the xml input input and returns a tuple .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  delete the default model to use .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  sets   serializing
truth:  sets   setting

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  enumerates all randomsymbols for dimensiondata output .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  return a list of directories to all the files under startup .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tests that the pct function works with the same side than the same dimension .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  prepare   solve
truth:  prepare   settings

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get the shortcut associated with the given name .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   permutes
truth:  returns   shortcut

test:  return the url prefix for a given wsgi environment .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  extract   nose
truth:  extract   prefix

test:  gets the authenticated user of a backend .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  get all volumes for a volume type .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return axes() as a float) of len(x) and end of return value .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  test that the tpot of all nodes in the input scale .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  check   pandas
truth:  check   columns

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  train a yaml file .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  loads   offset
truth:  loads   parameters

test:  decorator to wait until a function is raised .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets html hash of stashed .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  extract   digs
truth:  extract   html

test:  helper for views .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given a url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  extracts the old mentions from a template string .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  find   borrowed
truth:  find   instances

test:  computes the kruskal-wallis backoff backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   turn
truth:  run   case

test:  finds a 3-dimensional matches .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  tests per line numbers .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  loads an android android .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns a pair of length x with length permuted .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   patches
truth:  return   permutations

test:  gets the matrix denom .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a json representation of the file tree for a given folder .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  find   configured
truth:  find   tree

test:  find the cover object for a container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   pass
truth:  find   document

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  compile matcher in a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  sets the current api version .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns a list of all the directories in the specified package .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculate the number of validation to find a string in the given number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  calculates   httperror
truth:  calculates   digit

test:  return the input .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   saml_artifact
truth:  compute   students

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   bench
truth:  centers   value

test:  compare two partitions .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  enumerates   crops
truth:  enumerates   partitions

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   safe_octal
truth:  destroy   class

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  save the migration into memory .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   attacked
truth:  save   stats

test:  decorator to add a pipeline to the command .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get the document and fallback it .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  attempt   pass
truth:  attempt   document

test:  simple function to is a file .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  removes trailing headers from a http response .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  adds the ast xml to nodes in the ast dictionary .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patches   looping
truth:  patches   node

test:  returns a humanized reply .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  single benchmark predictions .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   ensure
truth:  measure   prediction

test:  waits for the specified handle if its record is true .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  create a latest namespace redirect to the user .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  pulls   makes
truth:  pulls   namespaces

test:  validates the response and local errors .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  compute the log likelihood of a 1d gaussian distribution .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  encrypt text with an ssh public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypt   drop
truth:  encrypt   ssh

test:  fixture to skip test as a gethookrecorder method .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  received   bring
truth:  received   page

test:  a simple replacement for the input .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   graphs

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check if cache is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns whether the given backend is enabled for the current request .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  uninstall an image from a distribution .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  get issubclass difference between two elements .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  get   fetches
truth:  get   parent

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   counter
truth:  make   thumbnail

test:  test that the gpu dimension is exact on .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  takes a datetime object and returns a naive datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  convert a bytestring if hex string is given bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  transform   hover
truth:  transform   bytes

test:  return the sqeuclidean dot product of two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  linux uses the same plugins directory .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if a given kernel module is available for the given locale cli example: .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the given user_id_or_name if needed .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  updates   populating
truth:  updates   info

test:  test with sudo as sudo .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   pulls
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  require the test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   forgot
truth:  require   project

test:  set the logging verbosity to the file in path .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return a list of all registered results .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  main root page .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  pulls   rotate
truth:  pulls   loading

test:  redirects to the given request .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  themes   pulls
truth:  themes   null

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns true if filename is a ieee file .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  determines   wanted
truth:  determines   filename

test:  this function checks if a file has exactly one or more hash values .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   restoring
truth:  reads   data

test:  a helper to check if the object is a type of values .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  bind parameters .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  return the identity nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  flow_stmt : small_stmts newline | small_stmts semicolon newline .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  send an score to all score .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  get the maximum unique values .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  predicate for creating one element of the target represented by an idxes .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  encode cert using jose encoding .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   producing
truth:  encode   certificate

test:  return the first set of strings holding a .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  given   orders
truth:  given   alias

test:  returns if there is a list of tuples of plugins .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  elementwise logistic function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  set the path to the file .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  called before the server is allowed to provide a dummy long .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  get the sm flavors .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   detach
truth:  get   flavor

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   pulls
truth:  attr_gt   null

test:  function to check the right question for the given series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  function   target_expressing
truth:  function   question

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  principal components of x .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  place for tests .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  make   shed
truth:  make   exception

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  test riak .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  imports a module-level attribute .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  opens a data file from the given host+username+password .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  load   pass
truth:  load   document

test:  get a string of the given character .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  return the current upgradable command .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  download a file from a url to the minion saltenv : base the username to be written to the cluster .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  task the given dict of fields .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  add   bounds
truth:  add   table

test:  send an email .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  alter   colorized
truth:  alter   context

test:  extracts the given name from the given iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a string representing the differences in an image version .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the interactive status code .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  transforms a dataframe to the pandas dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  download   embedded
truth:  download   example

test:  does the node represent a tuple literal? .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   looping
truth:  does   node

test:  make a task go from a task .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  get unique index index index .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check if the given flags is an update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  format a tsv link as a file .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   iterates
truth:  flags   comment

test:  execute a command in an hadoop .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  command   limiting
truth:  command   order

test:  aux function .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  return the path to the built-in widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  computes the manhattan distances between two arrays .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  fake method to generate linear functions stored within the dispersy layer .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  makes sure that setting is a non-existent column .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this is a compatibility function to be a python object or not .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  returns a popen oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return meta parser .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  pads   redefine
truth:  pads   slices

test:  add dummy summary of a boolean to the style files .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   import
truth:  write   summary

test:  return true if procedure is a gcode text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  callback-oriented decorator for asynchronous generators .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  check to see if a switch is spam to run a switch .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   preload
truth:  checks   content

test:  makes the repository then read it with the received repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  convert an rois into six .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  converts   figure
truth:  converts   inputs

test:  perform a filter on a sequence of functions .
truth: like common . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  a simple test of making an absolute url .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  ensure the named launch package is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   freezing
truth:  ensure   configuration

test:  am am .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  generates   decrease
truth:  generates   action

test:  test that table removes groups with cartesian methods of groups .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  use   urlencode
truth:  use   item

test:  make sure we only unicode values .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary with all public pragma in the given cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  work   thinks
truth:  work   issue

test:  handler for debugging use an account .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a log options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parses   define
truth:  parses   path

test:  associate a user interface with sendmail .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  adds one or more note that we need to add an initial token to firebase .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  adds   unquote
truth:  adds   note

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   unleash
truth:  updates   store

test:  get vector3 loop from paths .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  converts a string to binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get a resource type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   preprocessed
truth:  get   resource_type

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   filesize
truth:  returns   derivative

test:  return true if title is deprecated .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  take an ordered list of dotted-notation and return the string representing calling the corresponding correct strings .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  get   catch
truth:  get   course

test:  check if a tenant already exists return true if the tenant exists .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  convert an internal id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  send a notification request .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  parses a network details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  unregister a named tuple as a list of tuples .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   labeled
truth:  unregister   file

test:  test tcp/udp network template .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  pull out methods from a model .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  attempt to remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  transliterate a path name of a python file .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   disconnects
truth:  normalize   dir

test:  return info about the hosts with a monitor .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  gets   preloading
truth:  gets   host

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   receives
truth:  create   port

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   pulls
truth:  deserialize   null

test:  switch branch and switch for bench .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  switch   plot
truth:  switch   apps

test:  the system buffer in bytes .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  send a remote object for the specified object .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  validates *attr* as per byte number .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  renders the denied .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  get the index of the input user .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  sum   landing
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get file names of the file recursively which the file is in .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns true if g has distance edges .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  example of a list of signed objects .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  decorator that calls func .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  pulls   tracks
truth:  pulls   urls

test:  create a obtain random source file using the given gpg different attributes: .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  takes a geometric transform .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get a key .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  restore transcripts .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  answers to flask api call .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  patch   enhanced
truth:  patch   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the vault service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   overrides
truth:  create   channel

test:  disables the home assistant server .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  cleanup   induce
truth:  cleanup   testing

test:  retrieve info on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  count length internet from docstring length to index length l .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test that the passing backend works for basic thrift-546 .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  generates a set of sequences for a curl of strings .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   sequences

test:  respond to the git repository .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  clear   concatenated
truth:  clear   pillar

test:  yields a bucket that resets its acl after the given buckets .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   enters
truth:  yields   bucket

test:  converts an integer to a string in us/eastern form .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   operate
truth:  converts   h

test:  iterate over screenshots in a file .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  yield   unpatch
truth:  yield   matching

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  get the current disk device for an offline image .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  creates a directory .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   disconnects
truth:  creates   dir

test:  whether the application should give wdg .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  wraps   roundrobin
truth:  wraps   application

test:  process the target by side loop .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   coupling
truth:  process   target

test:  returns a dictionary with keys of function-group names and values of lists of notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  load an object given its name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  decorator for outputting methods that are not a valid python function .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  returns a list of datastores .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  escape mr characters in the form of a column .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a pep 440-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   increments
truth:  returns   pep

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  test that "checkerboard" image can be loaded .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  =   preserve
truth:  =   int

test:  compute the sum of samples for a project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  convert the object to a list of attributes .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  runs cobbler server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 edit on a list of tuples .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  compute an page/permission circle with a angle for an interval .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  school types - restful controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create listeners on an elb .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   registered
truth:  create   elb

test:  for the relative parent directory .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  create   tokenizing
truth:  create   filepath

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation function .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  check that when we dont crash to a multiple time .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  decorator for marking evironment functions .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  portable popen() interface .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  uses the path to the appropriate working directory .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  add users to database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  wait for the element to be either clickable or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   uncheck
truth:  wait   element

test:  clears the regular expression .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   encrypt
truth:  clears   screen

test:  remove the state of a cassandra instance .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  writes an http objects into a standard stream .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  check that the python interpreter correctly handles a python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generates all scan_profile entries for use in vcenter .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  refresh   pulls
truth:  refresh   null

test:  shortcut for displaying a series of pem tests .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  apply a function to an mro model .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the guess for use with the provided engine .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  converts   flashes
truth:  converts   characters

test:  remove all targets from targets that depend on the system .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  prints   eventlet
truth:  prints   warning

test:  return the share newline in a dict .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  unregister a grep text .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  called   dos
truth:  called   search

test:  removes paths to root directory .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the network device if not cached already .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  returns an unused port on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  returns a dict of: to represent the underlying from a key/value pairs .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  makes   simulating
truth:  makes   input

test:  splits off the path component of a path .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  wait for development client to connect to the indicated client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  compute the default value for each component and true value .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  helper method to retrieve resource fields .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  find the expression in the ast expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  start the home assistant server .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   encapsulate
truth:  start   instance

test:  get the list of *locale codes from the closest codes vocabulary .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  finds all migrations of an ca migration .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  test rechunking can be done as a 2d printer .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  validate keys and get the key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  adds a percentage sign (%) infront of each character requirement: * asp tested against: * microsoft sql server 2000 .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  send a dummy sdk object to decoding it .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  pickled   mounts
truth:  pickled   objects

test:  digitizer connection and run a compatible server .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  test that the equivalent file which creates the default arguments are equivalent to be equivalent .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a setup .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   fitnesse
truth:  setup   events

test:  returns the prefix for system metadata type for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  returns the symmetric density that contain the specified probability .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  a decorrelation term in the decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a 28x28x[number .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  send an event .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  emit   referenced
truth:  emit   bookmark

test:  test summarize titles to unicode titles .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  verify   resorts
truth:  verify   python2

test:  return a xonfig prefix for the xonfig of a xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test reading all database .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   modules

test:  helper to parse the tags for an operation .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   sparks
truth:  parses   number

test:  imports weblate_* module or none .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  converts a theano vector to a new numeric type .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a string containing the python code for a list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return true if p is a algebraic polynomial .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   added
truth:  return   p

test:  convert a url instance to a string .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  mode_string mode_string .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  strip   pulls
truth:  strip   null

test:  parse the ftp url; function from ftp .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  parse   activates
truth:  parse   creds

test:  retrieves the sql expression from a condition and the corresponding condition if it has the sql expression .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  get a dict containing the mne ids of a tree .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  converts   been
truth:  converts   format

test:  truncating truncating of the given text .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  pulls   overlap
truth:  pulls   encode

test:  compute the total number of hist .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the keyczar signer object ready to english a file .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  fetches   create
truth:  fetches   secret

test:  returns true if an s3 key has completed .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests for a regression where we only allow functions to write it for a regression on a regression .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  makes an http request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  checks whether a string is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the internal absolute path .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  modify -> data .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  calculate   split
truth:  calculate   stat

test:  return an element with highest func score; break ties at random .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  strip the uri prefix from the given path .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   nose
truth:  remove   prefix

test:  return information on open ports and states cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  read evokeds data from a node .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get a dictionary value functions .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  checks   talking
truth:  checks   dict

test:  marks a function as a template .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  build a list of all possible expressions .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  apply taskqueue instance tracking of plugin instances .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   identifies
truth:  disables   plugin

test:  attach a queryset of roles as each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   enhanced
truth:  attach   object

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  options that will be called if the current process is not installed .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  shutdown   unroll
truth:  shutdown   steps

test:  create an operator operator .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  create   looking
truth:  create   operator

test:  decode base64 data using base64 encoding .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  base64   limit
truth:  base64   decode

test:  set a unique snatch to file to change to a temporary file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   sign
truth:  generate   pair

test:  taken from ampersands .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  calculate the date for a variety of adverb .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  convert   focused
truth:  convert   dates

test:  adds the value of an iterable .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  pad   locks
truth:  pad   pad

test:  retrieve the service from the given url .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  perform   enumerates
truth:  perform   protocol

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return true if domain a domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   union
truth:  return   domain

test:  set movie position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   cyclen
truth:  set   percentage

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list wiki documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  helper to run a code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  encode the given string to write to base64 .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   creating
truth:  encode   transfer

test:  get anonymous anonymous cart with given token or open cart .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  returns   help
truth:  returns   cart

test:  logs out the user url .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  return the default handled name .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  nice -> string return a copy of the string s converted to lowercase .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  converts a file name to html .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  generate a email reference from a pandas date reference .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  list all the vms and bokeh functions .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get comparison in portion of portion directions .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   reported
truth:  convert   function

test:  return a list of functions .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deprecated and returns the state of the given state .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given a list of entry objects .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   allocate
truth:  given   user

test:  parse out the http header into a tuple .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  generate a dataset .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  parse either a method or name .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parsefile
truth:  parse   descriptor

test:  get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  read epochs from file .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  return true if the executable exists on the system .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  selects a pair of cosine seed .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   restoring
truth:  extracts   data

test:  mean squared error regression loss .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  get the point .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a list of unique entries for the given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  retrieve   unescaped
truth:  retrieve   entries

test:  instantiate a 2d list of columns .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  divides   pandas
truth:  divides   columns

test:  returns a sortkey to use for the given item .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set quotation price .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   switch
truth:  set   list

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   strips
truth:  write   changelog

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  get a qutebrowser user errors .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get a value for the given profile type .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  determines   going
truth:  determines   volume_type

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  pulls   serie
truth:  pulls   square

test:  return all getrange strings .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  register an interpreted text role by its implicit name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   present
truth:  register   role

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   extract
truth:  retrieve   version

test:  gets the most recent data for a given job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  workaround for a given package and monitor it .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  installs   pulls
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  pulls   inquire
truth:  pulls   tool

test:  set the title of the current axis to *s* .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  helper to check if 'data/' was not a valid checks .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   authenticated
truth:  checks   everything

test:  get a local files from a remote host using scp .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  ensure ast code compiles correctly .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to make sure that the user is committed .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   fixes
truth:  puts   manager

test:  set a key/value pair in the vault service .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  pulls   represented
truth:  pulls   sysctl

test:  create new metadata tags associated with the specified resource .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  delete   drawing
truth:  delete   tags

test:  internal use .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  test import of high_id_key as an numpy numpy arrays .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  make sure the exception is shown .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  test that a kit package is properly copied .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   walking
truth:  test   kit

test:  via http shim .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  apply   drop
truth:  apply   ssh

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a uncamelcase and append it to the end of the string .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  converts   submitted
truth:  converts   camelcase

test:  it should extract a sentence string from the whole step .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  install the given virtual host via the target .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  yaml: zulip publish zulip requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <sonarqube+plugin> :arg str install-name: release goals .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  asymmetric logistic model of tawn 1988 special case: a1=a2=1 : gumbel restrictions: - theta in (0 .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  mixed   pushing
truth:  mixed   model

test:  get the canonical list of tuples of the corresponding resource path .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an image prefix from the op prefix and the table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   bounds
truth:  generate   table

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  signal to profile that is created .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  get autodiff configuration options from file .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  chown a group id to the group .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  returns a string so that the clip will be used first functional timestamp .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   evaluate
truth:  returns   clip

test:  get the default textiowrapper action used for the current thread .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  atomically atomically application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  fixture   s
truth:  fixture   sets

test:  move to values .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  noop   hits
truth:  noop   filter

test:  returns a tuple of result of the entire target cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  put   shared
truth:  put   string

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a json list of directories that match path .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  update the quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   optimize
truth:  update   quotas

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove all triggers from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  this function ensures that the parameter passed in a doctest manner .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run pylint on pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   factors
truth:  run   pylint

test:  save a change to a new user .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  given   equalize
truth:  given   email

test:  merges a solution to a restful crud assumptions .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  compute variables with the given name .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  write a file in the localfiles directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  test   emit
truth:  test   access

test:  asks for a dataset .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  return the first messages of a given parse tree .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   mignotte
truth:  given   things

test:  add ami for the load instance to an instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  computes the type that supports an "instant" .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  return a vcenter for the specified instance .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  returns   weigh
truth:  returns   vim

test:  generic function to check if a path is available .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  this generator yields the input file and yields a file generator that yields the minimum iteration .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   simplifying
truth:  yield   range

test:  returns a copy of the values with values being the dictionary .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  left   trace
truth:  left   merge

test:  this is a context manager that is needed to wrap the cloud file needed by an input file .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  print an exception message .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  runs a python module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  check whether the system should be returned .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checks if a username exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  call the given command on unix subprocess .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  runs   allows
truth:  runs   subprocess

test:  pads a list of file to a glob location .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  sample from a mixture of components .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  draws   pushing
truth:  draws   model

test:  removes a qos to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  convenience method to create a new param .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  wraps   format
truth:  wraps   parameter

test:  get the list of available instance sizes .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   point
truth:  report   status

test:  set python scenario for the xmodule package .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  set   bdecodes
truth:  set   xblock

test:  convert native data to a string .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  test either if an error is raised when creating a wrong classifier .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  creates a string out of an array of bits .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  convert a value to a string .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   duplicates
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von mises distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  context manager for temporary directory .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get the logger .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  extracts the torrent info and returns a dict .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  returns a copy of the array to be used for the guard .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  rehash the active configuration state from use .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  write   currents
truth:  write   state

test:  function for displaying expressions generated in latex .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   blocks
truth:  function   representation

test:  get the pci mac address based on the device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  list everything configured zones for a volume .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   authenticated
truth:  list   everything

test:  run a algebraic window .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the grains from the network device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  minimize a scalar .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tries to parse the format used in a variety of date .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  tests if file in an zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  call the function c{f} in a thread and return its results .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  run   thread

test:  creates an environment dictionary with some information about testing .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  converts a string to a dict .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   come
truth:  represent   yaml

test:  returns a similarity distance .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   itersubclasses
truth:  calculate   similarity

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  returns the num-th epoch in a list of ticks .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload configuration storage from the bundled file .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  pulls   unblock
truth:  pulls   swift

test:  check if partition disk is valid .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  ensure   stores
truth:  ensure   name

test:  subscribe any classes to an unproven engine .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  config   lets
truth:  config   handler

test:  sets the transaction manager for the current thread .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  returns a 64-bit integer where each line is the first word of the given set .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  decorator to require an instance user to exist .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a single named information item from the os sdk args: attribute : the operand of the current linux distribution to read from the current linux distribution returns: filename containing
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the default uid and try to use as a tuple .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   was
truth:  get   uid

test:  convert a resource uri to a valid uri uri .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  helper function to compute temporal of shape in a vector of shape .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   overriding
truth:  pad   dimension

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  solves a dataset with a indices .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  restricts   debugging
truth:  restricts   dataset

test:  queues an email address .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   equalize
truth:  sending   email

test:  sets the widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  suggest column names on table names and dot .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   step
truth:  suggest   names

test:  get the snmp task .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  raise the valueerror if not found in parallel .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   quotes
truth:  verify   map

test:  then i have sent an email with a subset of i .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct the oauth oauth uri dictionary from discovery key .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  look   trimmed
truth:  look   uri

test:  extracts the content at the given command to include a program .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  boolean   follow
truth:  boolean   indicating

test:  returns true if the last line was read from sys .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   phred
truth:  purge   caches

test:  convert a string into an hexadecimal representation .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  translate   stores
truth:  translate   name

test:  build an authentication token using the hash object .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   executed
truth:  build   dictionary

test:  get the hardware address on windows .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  load image data from a file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   indicating
truth:  read   images

test:  delete an existing vm cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  returns the object_list value .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the multiplier in human readable format and the multiplier .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  update user information .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   widening
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   allows
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   extract
truth:  selects   version

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   inputhook
truth:  add   sys

test:  check if a process with the given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  returns a default magic string from the configuration .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get a list of rights names of a collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a maximum matrix in the form of commits .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  given a value .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  open a file in a given file .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  name the name of package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  the apache view should only populate a table with a default table .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints a line length .
truth: print line . 
test:  print   small_stmts
truth:  print   line

test:  validates review groups .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   decide
truth:  validates   groups

test:  convert a local quickly to a graph .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  custom variant of os .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  updates a dictionary with the given data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  construct a fab fab functions .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  moving   offset
truth:  moving   parameters

test:  context manager to temporarily create a block proxy .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  prevents   loads
truth:  prevents   changes

test:  parses a string and return a list of absolute arguments .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   bartels
truth:  parse   contents

test:  reset to the broken broken connections in the metadata server .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  rebuild   skips
truth:  rebuild   connections

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  whether mne the request is loaded .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  dummy error on errors .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  decorator to copy a function or method .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  triggers a web server .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute ranking-based loss for linear probability .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  verify the given ip for the supplied locale .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  checks   containing
truth:  checks   ip

test:  converts a datetime to a runnable number .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   searches
truth:  convert   duration

test:  selects -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates a shallow image from the dimensions .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  returns the default time .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a tensortypes of a boolean to a principal string .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   storing
truth:  parse   template

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (windows version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   pulls
truth:  reboot   null

test:  differs the default dictionary to reuse the parallel derivative .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  maps   emits
truth:  maps   definition

test:  rounded format size in bytes .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  opens and returns parsed file .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  setup sphinx worker .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   mutes
truth:  setup   app

test:  finds and returns the windows feature :py:class:optionparser .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  converts   reveal
truth:  converts   sequence

test:  show all tracks value .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  tests for creating units .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  apache revision for a group with the current draft revision .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  create   capitalizes
truth:  create   revision

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   solves
truth:  create   pagerduty

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   aligns
truth:  mount   volume

test:  entry point for existing queries inside a nice shell .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  display   expects
truth:  display   queries

test:  parse the response to a dict .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  split   install
truth:  split   response

test:  insert kind to one space conversion .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   latex
truth:  convert   mne

test:  returns an instance of the backend that is configured with the given fileserver environment .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   stolen
truth:  return   fileserver

test:  create two log matrix .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   lstrip
truth:  build   set

test:  verifies and creates a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  read_utf8() is a string .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  function   format
truth:  function   parameter

test:  finds a chain of predictable linked to the given ref .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   proposed
truth:  find   chain

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the label is available .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  run other programs .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attach a block storage volume name of the new server to create a server name cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  decorating a class with a dot product of two *o* .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   sparks
truth:  change   number

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   switch
truth:  resets   list

test:  return final status of ccx objects .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   inform
truth:  get   entry

test:  return a path to target with the specified path .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  verify that an apache module is a valid error level .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return an instance of the connection .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  produce   mixed
truth:  produce   engine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  provides   install
truth:  provides   response

test:  returns the sid interface via the specified program .
truth: given a server . 
test:  given   clones
truth:  given   server

test:  get the list of stored on this system .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a bunch of test'] .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  render a json so that it can be embedded in javascript code .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   aliased
truth:  renders   json

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  prints the last errors mode .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  starts   generating
truth:  starts   shell

test:  return value in the registry containing the specified account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install certificates and private key required by a task .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   listen
truth:  install   key

test:  build the docs declaration_specifiers server .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   intrepret
truth:  build   pdf

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  handle signals that correspond to a global database .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  post   disallow
truth:  post   identifiers

test:  helper function to return a users cohort for a given course .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  load the current device settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  command   authorizes
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  pulls   to_bytes
truth:  pulls   encodes

test:  creates a thumbnail via http server generated by the layer of the expected params to include the thumbnail .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   counter
truth:  create   thumbnail

test:  runs tests against a function .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  ensures   reported
truth:  ensures   function

test:  add fnclex to the context .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  parses the source namespace field from the uploaded namespace .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  convert decimal peak float to pixels .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  builds   blocks
truth:  builds   representation

test:  pull out data type from right to offset .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  returns a list of the frequency carries with randomly modified frequency elements .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  returns true if the given language has been considered to .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns all of the defined records in the specified setype .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   edit
truth:  get   ports

test:  get the value of a jobconf variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of image files containing all of the path .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  archive   downloading
truth:  archive   package

test:  get a kivy by a name .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets up a signal handler for the end of a usage or makes a different tab .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  delete database record and directional events .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  return a string encoded with rfc 2822 .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  produces a navigation key from a dictionary .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether or not the given patterns are considered with the given patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  determine   gauss
truth:  determine   strings

test:  copy ssl options .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  read the settings from the filename .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if the volume is valid .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns true if the given uid uid has passed .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  convert a json subscription to the native subscription .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  retrieve a plot from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   stacking
truth:  retrieve   grid

test:  extracts the current system httpresponse from http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting gradient .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  provides a mdadm .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of the l**p distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   rfc
truth:  compute   distance

test:  we only tell the output of all regular expression .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  substitute   randomise
truth:  substitute   message

test:  iterate over tracebacks .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  skip decorated test if a storage file with the given attributes .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  skip   remounts
truth:  skip   obj

test:  search for simultaneous epoch .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  prepare   restoring
truth:  prepare   data

test:  create a run .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   switch
truth:  sort   list

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  displays the current time zone return the current time zone if supported :return: the current time zone :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   start
truth:  displays   zone

test:  add information to a wireless node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  parses update explorations explorations data .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   highlights
truth:  parse   update

test:  convert a long byte string to bytes .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  start the local mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  get all project belonging to a volume .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   switch
truth:  copy   list

test:  returns the current tokens .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  tokens   pulls
truth:  tokens   null

test:  return a list of all vms on the provider .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get the size of a inside .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  updates a dict of season and joins them to scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  extract the first file and returns it .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  export geojson[p] of facility data .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write data to a stream .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  one two values of a matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  which organisation of the person event from the person .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  [elementwise] [elementwise] based on tensors .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  yaml: stash this trigger can be configured for the job .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  get a datastore details .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  finds   knapsack
truth:  finds   request

test:  returns the current site for the local site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a url to the tool shed tool shed .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  list all hipchat rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   lstrip
truth:  flatten   set

test:  return system info cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  fixture to returns default groups as a test with the given database .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  creates   decide
truth:  creates   groups

test:  generate a random integer number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   sparks
truth:  sleep   number

test:  stop the specified port .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  join a relative url for changes in the given domain .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  joins   tracks
truth:  joins   urls

test:  check if the given value is a unique type for the given field .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  i have show two points for least one components .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  function   fileformat
truth:  function   self

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  like iter_fiels but returns a list of all nodes in the input .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  uninstall a installer from a site .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   init
truth:  remove   modules

test:  compute the interquartile range of the values in the input array .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  tests   contructs
truth:  tests   sample

test:  loads a translation file from the given path .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  removes   authenticated
truth:  removes   everything

test:  update default response to end .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  given   homebrew_packages
truth:  given   structure

test:  call available images .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  update   flow
truth:  update   fields

test:  maxheap version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   backs
truth:  returns   mean

test:  test dot product with specified axis .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieves the root root for the given service .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the number of active hardware and the homebrew script .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  check for defining a single line containing bad characters .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  logs   capturing
truth:  logs   error

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  extracts all features related to csp supported by the given response .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  creates a default description of ssh management server .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  moves a file in the given directory structure .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a specified package cli example: .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   suppress
truth:  upgrade   software

test:  returns a registered subclass for a registered category of the request .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  context manager for current working directory temporary change .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   extract
truth:  context   version

test:  instance is array .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  return true if the scala product of the given path .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   carry
truth:  check   test

test:  return the amount of strings which are equal .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  escapes the value for use in a url .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  get all packages whose @unauthenticated are nt .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   simplifies
truth:  return   packages

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   knapsack
truth:  does   request

test:  input is never or incorrect .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  have   simulating
truth:  have   input

test:  factory for clustermanager class that attempts to load s3 .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list all the clusters clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   copies
truth:  list   clusters

test:  wraps a method so that its response returns the full automatically calls .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  mock tab .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  mocks   pulls
truth:  mocks   null

test:  return apt with xxx declaration .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  ensure that pack name is a valid pack name pattern .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  add a type for the given type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   presents
truth:  add   mapping

test:  create and save a suffix to the given filename .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete into table into hopefully table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  returns a list of reset sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  repeat the callable to repeat and kwargs .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  return a dictionary that is used to refer from an in-memory api identified by multiprocessing .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  initializes   trivial
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  calculate the default size of a creating width .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the ids of the pants tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  creates   configured
truth:  creates   tree

test:  install mobsf for mobsf .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  generate a schema for an element .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  format a list response for an upload response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  convert state to lower case .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  guess   currents
truth:  guess   state

test:  check that we can get called with coordinate system at related time .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  print the current user .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  transforms a value of a given field .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  deserialize   extract
truth:  deserialize   version

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  execute the salt application .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  publish   customized
truth:  publish   salt

test:  takes a dictionary for a given argument and subscribes it into a corresponding model instances .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  create a new static setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  decorator that skips 'inline drivers raising a method .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  helps   pulls
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears limit for given key .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  remove   cause
truth:  remove   option

test:  simple class for subclasses of classes .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  convert x to a native strings .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  linux the /proc/net/* contents of a file .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  resolve   igor
truth:  resolve   device

test:  a word-wrap function for texts .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   flask
truth:  calls   times

test:  a factory to wrap a sample .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wraps any user .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dumps   decide
truth:  dumps   groups

test:  use this validator if you have a allowed to have a allowed .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  creates an argumentparser argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   promotes
truth:  creates   argumentparser

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  private args / private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  convert a linkage cell to its distance representation .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  delete users cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  get networks hosts config for selections .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  compute the index of two sequences .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract integer limit limit from requests or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   knapsack
truth:  extract   request

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   consisting
truth:  test   link

test:  get the dot product of the second matrix .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  converts a stubbed .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  evaluate a set of supply to the advance database .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  computes   bench
truth:  computes   value

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   safe_octal
truth:  cleanup   class

test:  helper to lock a python file object .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  lock   enhanced
truth:  lock   object

test:  checks if a list of tuples are inf .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   hover
truth:  converts   bytes

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  return a minimally-quoted clip set of patches in the mean .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a list of integers to an integer .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  converts   quoting
truth:  converts   comma

test:  return a random text string of stats objects .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  takes   supported
truth:  takes   paragraph

test:  replace any generic newline values with a newline that will replace their delif .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  helps the standalone preferred time preferred for a given server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the list of available items .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  yield   enhance
truth:  yield   items

test:  return the set of taxes for given stacked .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  stack   normalise
truth:  stack   taxes

test:  generate a dictionary of file names it is found in different folder .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  walk   local_rvs
truth:  walk   addons

test:  tests the arrowvisual arguments can be set .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   unleash
truth:  deletes   store

test:  test the setting of states cli example: .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  test   value

test:  update search index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   regressiont
truth:  updates   index

test:  determine if a numpy array is true or equal to a given 1-d matrix .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  parse a module cix element .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   tear
truth:  build   module

test:  gets task data for a task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days of the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   reverts
truth:  set   age

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a sigmoid input .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  add rotation loop to the loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  separate an ast list for list of threads to a list .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  this function takes the string identifier and fetch relevant id .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  remove the given value .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  returns a map of b in the graph g .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  merge   initalize
truth:  merge   k

test:  a generator for the udivisors sequence of integer n .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of the string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   block
truth:  change   chars

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  function to generate a non array .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create an existing fragment .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  parse the monkey-patching zones file .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   reads
truth:  return   metrics

test:  returns our configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  print out the data passed into the function *args and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   protects
truth:  output   args

test:  create a private ip for this linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   containing
truth:  creates   ip

test:  test inserting a sphere model at the crpix .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  return the information on the minion .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  basic or advanced indexing with the provided arguments and construct it .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  =   pulls
truth:  =   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  clear cache for given result .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   allocate
truth:  clear   user

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  split and bad bad arrays into multiple sure the dataset .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  split   borrowed
truth:  split   instances

test:  tests that the in-db directories are improved with an existing file .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  try   imdb
truth:  try   store_fs

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  returns a list of dict from audio player dict .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  remove the source code from a source space .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  parses a handle containing a genepop file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   restoring
truth:  parses   data

test:  yaml: least trigger a least build parameter .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  pulls   fake
truth:  pulls   load

test:  delete an image .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  a pure complex .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if the given options is valid .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   forbid
truth:  validates   options

test:  regression test for #1181 .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  compute the harmonic mean of the values of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  compute   offset
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get a console console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   ordered
truth:  get   console

test:  check if the handling of the __unify_walk__ function .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the password back to default values .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  password   exit
truth:  password   handling

test:  transforms rgb array to rgb arrays .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  python fine support .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  table a datasets metadata .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  gets the network interface .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   repeat
truth:  inplace   scaling

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  renders a certificate template for a given user to the custom certificate .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  picks   derive
truth:  picks   templates

test:  generator function to generate a sequence of tuples of length rows from the os tree .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   flashes
truth:  yield   characters

test:  make sure that a string is a json string .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  convert   aliased
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns all randomsymbols within a sympy expression .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  given   sums
truth:  given   expression

test:  return a list of eventrenderers for a particular event .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a function to create a topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  checks if the file system start and not on partition if not hd .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   sparks
truth:  resizes   number

test:  compute nth moment moments for an image .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parallel decorrelation .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines which settings to load the given module .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  try   lambda
truth:  try   django

test:  verifies for eeg measurement containing an eeg average exports .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  set   socket
truth:  set   projection

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  provide   flip
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  a tests that can be passed by the widgets .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  check whether obj is closed a file-like object in the given list .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return a list of for each builtin builtin datasets .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  returns   datasets

test:  returns a generator that match the values of a and b .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  set standard signal for debconf via async .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  gather   restoring
truth:  gather   data

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   cutting
truth:  get   writer

test:  creates an hdfs path on the earth with hdfs .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  lists all metric available web service .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  the main loop of the the script web usage .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  deletes a column .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  create a test object for use in configuring thread .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  install   skips
truth:  install   connections

test:  return a tuple of all available widgets .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  test reading .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  return the list of resource tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  print colors .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  removes old data from the directory .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   restoring
truth:  removes   data

test:  return the raw services .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  display   stores
truth:  display   name

test:  imports an explicit module by name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  helper function to get a boolean values converted to a true value .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the python documentation for a document .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a set of targets that are pickled for the specified user .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   offer
truth:  return   queryset

test:  override the github api override override .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  returns the region of an image .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   defines
truth:  retrieve   attributes

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  test epoch with form_class label .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   step
truth:  test   names

test:  executes a single paragraph of arguments .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  link to subprocess devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  calculates   allows
truth:  calculates   subprocess

test:  extract the json file body from a checker .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   expect
truth:  extract   body

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  returns   equivalent

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  get the number of rotation rotation values .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   docfield
truth:  return   angle

test:  decode a http_cookie header into a cookie value .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   modbus
truth:  decodes   cookie

test:  calculate any untrusted arguments and represent a anticommutation object .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns whether the object passed to the given object is a string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  filters element items in a sequence with an filters .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   enhance
truth:  filters   items

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compile the ir of functions .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  returns a function that expects a foreign hook .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return a list of alfred .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the articles zone .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  automatically add a customer to the users login object .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   designates
truth:  get   matrixsvg

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  find the first configuration value for the given option and jmx .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  extract   exclude
truth:  extract   discovery

test:  gets blob-storage from api-proxy blob .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   encapsulate
truth:  gets   instance

test:  decorator to error policy functions with an action argument .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the actual post .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   escaped
truth:  do   post

test:  get the edge height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  validate docker-py fields is a valid foreign groupby .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  checks   switch
truth:  checks   list

test:  create a consumer object for a service .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return a random words .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  produces   takes
truth:  produces   stream

test:  removes the item at the given url and add it to the scenario .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  go   bring
truth:  go   page

test:  convert c string to c and unicode .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  create a new version string for the z to a version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  inserts   bench
truth:  inserts   value

test:  returns the breaking of a == columns .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check the environment for the user site is set .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   averaging
truth:  checks   encodings

test:  computes the value of a sequence .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  compute whitener sensor .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  create a appropriate from the relevant datastore .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   debugging
truth:  build   dataset

test:  ensure ast can compile functions .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   match
truth:  make   syntax

test:  extracts an expression from an expression where each rule is the variables of a sequence .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  rewrite   associate
truth:  rewrite   expressions

test:  saves an object to a workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   clip
truth:  delete   record

test:  checks along too hard host and their types .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  find the system date/time on the system .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  locate   pulls
truth:  locate   null

test:  get attribute string .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  open a google cloud storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  opens   decimals
truth:  opens   storage

test:  helper to find something that responds a user defined in an array by serializing it into user .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompt   separates
truth:  prompt   echo

test:  get the face index index corresponding to the edge given the edge .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  execute a python command with pyenv shims using pyenv .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  normalize the twilio loss .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  combine two matrices into one letter .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   constrained
truth:  combine   functions

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   widgets
truth:  removes   responses

test:  updates all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   b1
truth:  updates   translations

test:  sends an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   order
truth:  log   traceback

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return the population variance of the sample data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   variance

test:  returns a generator of lines read from a file .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  verify that the schedule argument to a observer .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  tests   unsets
truth:  tests   watch

test:  populates several running contexts .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  collect   sleep
truth:  collect   files

test:  a task to clone a task into one errors .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  report   middleware
truth:  report   clone

test:  returns a full path to the galaxy cache file that is designed to be designed to be saved to the base of the galaxy device .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  required   imported
truth:  required   galaxy

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  decorator that records that reverse the user be specifying in python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  change   flattens
truth:  change   output

test:  set the virtual pkg module of the os .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  return the full path given a relative path .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  append   define
truth:  append   path

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   unescapes
truth:  add   rule

test:  return the internal tag for the given tag .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  see statsmodels .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  creates a new topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  return the databases .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  convert a system matrix to a vector .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   simplifies
truth:  require   packages

test:  returns a token for the given user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  generate   scop
truth:  generate   token

test:  find rules that need to be configured in the returns none .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   verifying
truth:  find   face

test:  return a set of permissions for a given string to a set of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the context associated with a devnum .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  returns an identity matrix .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  insert/update subclass of mean-field .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   making
truth:  verify   float

test:  wait until the given message was logged via a log .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  wait   byte
truth:  wait   statusbar

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  shows the login form .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  ensure that the lock of an sidestep kind of spectral that do the ob being replaced by a non-repeated is present .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   exhaust
truth:  check   conversion

test:  return anchor function object .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  get the list of child branch .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   emitting
truth:  get   character

test:  returns longest id associated with first letter codes .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  chooses   tz_localize
truth:  chooses   seq

test:  get a relative path of a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  get the search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with queues on the model .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  sanitize a string representing the list of base lines .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns a list of all the zen auth for which a particular unit .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return a xdg configuration file .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  check   maps
truth:  check   locations

test:  searches for the first half of the input that arent supported by the integrated .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  creates a dict |env| on the given name .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  accepts   step
truth:  accepts   names

test:  test histogram width .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   organize
truth:  test   histogram

test:  it should not install the temporary dir with a supported dir .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   restructure
truth:  test   tmpdir

test:  only load the module if we are available .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  return the forget .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  setup the demo alarm demo platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  using a valid literal as invalid value .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   teardown
truth:  test   type

test:  create a square-free amp server factory that validates amp and populates the control service .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   link
truth:  create   factory

test:  determine the path info about the desired core .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  ensure that we can force exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  force   extended
truth:  force   exit

test:  create an iis application pool .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   flattens
truth:  decode   output

test:  install a previously installed plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  sends a process to the process id .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  use   reported
truth:  use   function

test:  read in the local file or other untrusted if found .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns the revision between the hg and the requests .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  returns   capitalizes
truth:  returns   revision

test:  returns a wsgi response based on a wsgi server .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  pulls   roundrobin
truth:  pulls   application

test:  follow/unfollow thread actions .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  make a string out of boolean values .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  return   str

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  link to a user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  called when the current response is enabled .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  reports   support
truth:  reports   time

test:  returns a regular expression .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  return   opened
truth:  return   re

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  take a prefix and step for each type in advanced .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  edits   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  edits   problem

test:  return a formatted format appropriate for a given format .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a generator of entire files .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  starting   extract
truth:  starting   version

test:  returns a container .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  return   theme

test:  returns information about the container .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  returns the full path to the runtime file for the builtin summary is running .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  walk the argument specification of python dims .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  allow   pulls
truth:  allow   null

test:  calculate the entropy of the entropy of y and y .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  return the lat/lon network extension .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   logger

test:  generate the javascript map for each policy y .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  create an schedule url for this year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  issues a bunch of folders .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  prepares   wanted
truth:  prepares   filename

test:  return the index of the first index of a tensor .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  find node + .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  skip decorated test if a database is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the objects input is initialized for the input data .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   restoring
truth:  configure   data

test:  return a slice of the outputs that is a valid critical voodoo .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  takes a device instance .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   pulls
truth:  compile   null

test:  returns a role with the provided name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  transform html chars to lowercase .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  test the bundle structure for inheritance .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  describe the cloud volumes .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   aligns
truth:  describe   volume

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  numba api determinant to the response .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as self but maps to a self object .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  run an assets shell server .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  remove all the files in the directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  preload asset .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  preload   pulls
truth:  preload   null

test:  check whether a short number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  build the name of the distribution .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  see roberts .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   reject
truth:  -   neutron

test:  sets the local cache .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   created
truth:  set   mode

test:  check for the container .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  string -> packed return a string .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  fetches fetches information for a given job returns expects .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  queries   tracks
truth:  queries   urls

test:  assign the given message to the given parse method .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   fetches
truth:  return   parent

test:  convert bufsize type into a single type .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  function to determine if a rule has a value .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   dictionary
truth:  apply   condition

test:  insert python keys into the target dict .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  nested   pulls
truth:  nested   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  check the secret key .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verifies   listen
truth:  verifies   key

test:  create consumers for use in jwterror .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  calculate   examines
truth:  calculate   peak

test:  get request header value from a requests .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns a list of consistency .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   eliminates
truth:  make   elements

test:  convert a string to an c{int} .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  extracts all the file at the given document from the namespaces .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  rewrite   saves
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  parses complex table from database .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  crop an image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  converts im to file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  applies   pulls
truth:  applies   null

test:  return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  compare two lists of equal elements .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   shutdown
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return the members for a specified user cli example: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   rising
truth:  replaces   group

test:  returns finite matrix where each element in x values x .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  calculates   print
truth:  calculates   approximation

test:  construct an object holding the following the stack .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  convert a string to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  decode   project
truth:  decode   ascii

test:  return a dict with version information about all available features .
truth: available major . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a sequential class .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  turn   retrieving
truth:  turn   compound

test:  use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   depends
truth:  use   def

test:  get the sequence of instances on a sequence of op .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  return   break
truth:  return   operations

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  creates a properly .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  get the thread count of a sequence of numbers .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  return a time unit string of fileset >= duration of human readable form .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  returns   account
truth:  returns   human

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  runs   broadcasted
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install all requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  load a certificate in a local certificate file .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  transform a fixed tool shed url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  determine   inquire
truth:  determine   tool

test:  converts the string s to a fits expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  messaging   bring
truth:  messaging   page

test:  language: scenario -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   quits
truth:  pulls   ru

test:  change the username of a terminal .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   check_string
truth:  set   hardware

test:  splits a datastore path into .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   failing
truth:  split   style

test:  a decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  apply a value from a db .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  recurse   saves
truth:  recurse   links

test:  update the iterator of values blobs .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  grab   echoes
truth:  grab   prefixes

test:  allows a whole spec to be used with skipif to specify a prediction .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  using   embeds
truth:  using   pandas

test:  return the values of calling of json as a string .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   presents
truth:  render   mapping

test:  tries to make a city city for the specific date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sanitize --> type://host/path .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  sanitize   access
truth:  sanitize   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  shrink cache rows from a dict .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  make   assigned
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  submits a task to generate a csv containing grades and is used as a background grades .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test two inverted .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  returns the extent and its children .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   redraw
truth:  returns   begin

test:  converts a sequence of variables into a tuple with respect to t .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  apply validation .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the expression in which the completion should be inserted usually code assist proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  get the current time in usecs .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  helper method to register a function log policy .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  injects   hits
truth:  injects   filter

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  retrieve all available boot resources cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   squared
truth:  retrieve   vms

test:  get a hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and implementing *func* in nopython mode .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  sets the local dict to be used for storing in a header dictionary .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a new changesets .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the leading leading bytes from a byte string .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  change the non-shared of a with statement that is yielded .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  context   shed
truth:  context   exception

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to postgresql for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  copy a file to the specified file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  infer a helper function for integer values into the given value .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   teardown
truth:  infer   type

test:  returns either the qt key .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   stores
truth:  expand   name

test:  importing os .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  get the configuration directory to use .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  load a firewall configuration file .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   optparse
truth:  returns   extensions

test:  ensure that mangling mangling = floats can produce mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   disallow
truth:  ensure   identifiers

test:  a proper proper tracker info dict suitable for the proxy to the right hardware .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parse   tile
truth:  parse   information

test:  only work on windows systems with pkg .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  returns the complexity of a number .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  estimate   support
truth:  estimate   time

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  return the number of snapshots of the given snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  validate a workflow instance .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  fire   dumps
truth:  fire   signal

test:  helper function to get a series of sample size .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  display the login form .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  returns the set of minimum cut of a set of nodes .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  encode data in base64 .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns project factors of x can be used for all arrays parameters factors : {array-like .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  project   cleaning
truth:  project   matrix

test:  deletes a specific search of components .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  is   setup
truth:  is   equivalent

test:  return windows adapter name for the windows platforms .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  determine   img
truth:  determine   compiler

test:  shift_expression : unary_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a cluster components into a pair .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  create a 3d initializer for a given fan returns none .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   exhausts
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  for each option in each row .
truth: given an index . 
test:  given   regressiont
truth:  given   index

test:  show a message .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  compute the discrete log base b .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  compute   xyz
truth:  compute   logarithm

test:  discretize model by taking the value at the given 1d .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the decorated function exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify that the specified ruby is present with rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single aggregates .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return the active contributors for a given date .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  helper method for creating a class definition .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  purge options for each hard .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  true if log should be treated as part of the given date .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  function to convert a hp functions to a hp field .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   gets
truth:  transform   prototype

test:  considering the rows of x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the number of sizeof units from the file .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return system information about a user .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  serve   bring
truth:  serve   page

test:  provide information about an ipython file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  split all systems and sorts pairs into the mapping file .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   intialize
truth:  ensure   root

test:  replace all parameters in a new expression .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replaces   increase
truth:  replaces   nodes

test:  creates the default parser for the given argparse .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a string representing the jupyter notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  a view that can be used to know about a requests .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  run one or more system command .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   instantiate
truth:  call   arguments

test:  gets the permission model for the given user .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of reserved projects if all users are reserved .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  download a default file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  try   labeled
truth:  try   file

test:  displays msg and optionally exit with an error .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  test trigonometric trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  return true if the given statement node is a decorator .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  determine   teardown
truth:  determine   type

test:  atomically filter filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   hits
truth:  default   filter

test:  calculate the loss between two a predicted and a 1-d tensor .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  define   negotiate
truth:  define   loss

test:  send analytics event .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  log   fitnesse
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   sleep
truth:  open   files

test:  gets a class corresponding to the class .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  split and validate groups into numpy array .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  see configparser .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   replaces
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  return the relative path for the named file .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the user input from the array and try to modify input .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   simulating
truth:  get   input

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  this function transforms a original image into a numpy image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  put   overrides
truth:  put   channel

test:  calculate the nti group distmat .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  bing a google api hook for our tests .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  embedded   access
truth:  embedded   url

test:  wait until the element has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the activities at the bottom of the module .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   testlist_multi
truth:  remove   activities

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  requires   pulls
truth:  requires   null

test:  compute graph on node args: name : node label int returns: tuple: .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  assign   linkify
truth:  assign   integer

test:  return the currently active server id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  provides   linkify
truth:  provides   integer

test:  turn a nested dictionary into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  converts a string / .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  get the geometry loop path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse /etc/hostname and return contents of the given read file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  parses a single xml file into a new composite source file .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   autoencoder
truth:  parses   xml

test:  generates a random circuit .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  return   deduces
truth:  return   circuit

test:  creates a table for the given table in a given table .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  create a neighboring from a template id string .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  write a new pack object to a file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  make string for all of poly .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  list all packages installed in the system .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  maps keys for the exception method to the given exception .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   forwards
truth:  embed   image

test:  be a generic table for the vsphere .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  migrate   bounds
truth:  migrate   table

test:  take a along an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  takes   restrict
truth:  takes   array

test:  get trackinfo objects of a track .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a list of inventory that meet the current connection .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  removes a group from a domain on a domain .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  construct a face from a sort string .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  build   install
truth:  build   response

test:  return info on an image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   forwards
truth:  import   image

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured cache .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  compares the variable value and values of any environment variable in the graph .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  extract   partitioning
truth:  extract   v

test:  send email .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  test model_class with augeas_vhost_path .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   pulls
truth:  collect   null

test:  adds a callback for connection events .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   pick
truth:  adds   callback

test:  pause brief .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  pulls   searches
truth:  pulls   duration

test:  destroy the attachment record .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   slices
truth:  destroy   attachment

test:  returns failure and changes is not empty .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   represent
truth:  returns   failure

test:  return a :func:authenticated rotation matrix .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  rotate   indicating
truth:  rotate   images

test:  redirects the user to the page .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  return   cifs
truth:  return   httpresponseredirect

test:  a context manager to capture the cuda flock .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  shortcut   constructs
truth:  shortcut   lock

test:  returns an infinite challenge for a given range of the ip address .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   created
truth:  convert   mode

test:  converts a list of items to a dictionary .
truth: like repr . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  find channel based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  if the query contained in a query of a key .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  allows user to add a demo session to the user .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  pulls   ask
truth:  pulls   demo

test:  clears all alarms on the local alarm .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  clear   rescales
truth:  clear   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  construct a buffer options .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   caused
truth:  parse   return

test:  compile a pathname to a file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compile   labeled
truth:  compile   file

test:  export an svn listener .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a group members for a group .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   rising
truth:  returns   group

test:  start vm vm options : string vm to be stopped key : string uuid of vm cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   hostname
truth:  start   vm

test:  fetch the raw image .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  check that a binary number is a bson document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return either the particular dbref or datetime object .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  forms   pulls
truth:  forms   null

test:  return area in agreement .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  set a function backend for the given name .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  set   fold
truth:  set   backend

test:  compute the maximum matrix for a the matrix .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  find   reshow
truth:  find   alpha

test:  simulates an http header .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   capturing
truth:  returns   error

test:  write a method as a normal method .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   autoreleased
truth:  write   types

test:  returns default string used for a given error .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  utility function to check if input is a binary image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  converts   forwards
truth:  converts   image

test:  return the matrix of the first kind of a sequence .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   constrained
truth:  return   functions

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  pulls   mocked
truth:  pulls   runner

test:  a view decorator to check if the request is retrieved from a user .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  simple hex function: log( .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  pulls   scales
truth:  pulls   prints

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  pulls   traverse
truth:  pulls   cert

test:  create new l{iopump} => operation .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   colored
truth:  start   operation

test:  returns the normalized normalized size of a set of nodes .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  convert the value of a positive integer to a positive integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  delete an computenode or raise if it or has it doesnt exist .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   whiten
truth:  delete   computenode

test:  build a json representation of the given provider .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  check if the given depth searches .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  read a convenience bit from an bose chain .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  combines   prepopulates
truth:  combines   bits

test:  convenience function that parses a json string from the given python object .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   dst
truth:  converts   c

test:  add a fragment query and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  generate a key from the local file .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a turn turn off of login functions .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   sparks
truth:  generate   number

test:  check if the query is a scalar .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse the gaussian image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  yield   means
truth:  yield   gaussian

test:  creates an empty string .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  create a cluster status fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   point
truth:  create   status

test:  get the local url for a node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  constructs   access
truth:  constructs   url

test:  returns the maximum number of the socket p .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the url to use for a given course .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  authenticate a validator template .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  activated activated activated logic .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  get segment path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  creates a new instance of the decorated function .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to check if a socket is available .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   flip
truth:  use   python

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  remove the named group .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  yaml: env-file this plugin introduces a game where users get points for improving the build .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  add a date to a string of interest .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find the use of stored and return a timestamp string .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   existing
truth:  retrieve   ticket

test:  create a helper function from a panel instance .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  converts   restoring
truth:  converts   data

test:  delete a file of path .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the full path for the repo .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  clones the regular python file .
truth: cache management . 
test:  cache   implementing
truth:  cache   management

test:  get a list of path path index from the programs .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  merges two dictionaries where widgets are equal .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   draw
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns used to get used images from a list of images .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  generate some rows of data .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  interpolated   pulls
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  logfile between two strings leaves and 7; like mock .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  return namespace matches the namespace .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  get a pointer to the value of a function for the given operation .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  coordinate   break
truth:  coordinate   operations

test:  returns a dict with the filenames and the files that are available .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  helper for creating an extras path for a handler .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert figure to plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   memoizes
truth:  shows   plot

test:  generate a new dense pair .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  gammacorrect the labels and pv value1 .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  function   interfacing
truth:  function   axes

test:  test reading information .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  test that you cant add slashes to a file .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  callback for change of file .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse a string representation of yaml and return it .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  add a value should environment variables .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  return mask for a mask .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   exposes
truth:  mask   values

test:  allow turning deduping deduping in case .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  use   scramble
truth:  use   @roles

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   filesize
truth:  compute   derivative

test:  compute crc-32c checksum of a 64-bit matrix .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return id of the extension .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  convert value into integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   decreases
truth:  parse   documents

test:  returns a list with forums .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  return list of available ports of the executable .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  see url .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  header   stored
truth:  header   #

test:  function replacement for running values with these utils .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  return whether a permutation_test_score handling b is equal to any of the item in file or equal to a single-dimensional size .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  filter   analyzes
truth:  filter   size

test:  sets up the authentication event policy .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  let   format_alignment
truth:  let   authentication

test:  generate a random usernames thanks .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  yield   outline
truth:  yield   hex

test:  overriding a value in expression .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  finds   reported
truth:  finds   function

test:  return a dictionary containing the values passed in values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  dimension a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  limit   supports
truth:  limit   text

test:  remove repeating for a module .
truth: given task name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  allows you to escape consecutive values in your where they were the unordered headers .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init logging .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  start the notification notification server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  test to see if a file is an executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  returns   initializes
truth:  returns   program

test:  used where the named source files are stored on the system .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  get list of templates templates from available else .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   derive
truth:  fetch   templates

test:  return a dict of parsed error .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  return the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  returns   handles
truth:  returns   site

test:  helper to sort two keys a and b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split object id list into two list with set of commits .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  return arithmetic axes according to distances .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  copy a file from source to dest .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   sanitize
truth:  copy   libraries

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  clusters   touch
truth:  clusters   controller

test:  check if a machine exists in this system .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  change package csv to seconds .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  changes   terminate
truth:  changes   password

test:  show a single element with the given text .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract all test classes from a doctest .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   carry
truth:  returns   test

test:  a set of objects .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  return   datasets

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   publish
truth:  turns   graph

test:  returns the position of the int into a generator of find the generator of int .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  returns   position

test:  quote redundant input .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  register a new image prefix .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   cleaned
truth:  register   configurations

test:  tests assertions deleted .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  test   created
truth:  test   mode

test:  ensures that the named group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   rising
truth:  ensures   group

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the current date as a 5-tuple .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  call   hits
truth:  call   filter

test:  returns a tuple of root_id .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  finished   pulls
truth:  finished   null

test:  parses the requested language code .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  find the network on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a server is enabled .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  checks whether user can automatic translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  run the score prediction on the prediction .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  this is a doctest .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  replace   assigns
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset ip address .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  lookup an getincrementalencoder .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  return the number of antidivisors [1]_ .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns current site .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  decorator which takes a cookie argument in the correct path .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  definition : literal .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show output info .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  attempts to parse the transformations that is recorded in the filled region of a class .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   mignotte
truth:  assert   things

test:  test that alt_name is properly .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  embed   sharpens
truth:  embed   qt

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  return a multivariate degree of f in x_0 in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  create and initialize a bem node flow .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  uses   suppose
truth:  uses   algorithm

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  l{collapsingpumppolicy} is the feel of a policy string and is .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   holding
truth:  is   policy

test:  check if sections are not just one of the config file .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts an collectionsummarymodel summary domain object into a collectionsummarymodel entity .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  place an order by specified order as trading@export .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  pull out the list of shape of slices .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  get   overwrites
truth:  get   shape

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   fold
truth:  test   backend

test:  return a dict with the given app_label .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   pushing
truth:  get   model

test:  generate a square-free polynomial that can be used to adjacency .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  place   increase
truth:  place   nodes

test:  create a database name .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  helper that removes duplicate headers from the entity dict .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  adds a rate tag to a file tag .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   formatted
truth:  adds   rate

test:  get bench name for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  run pep8 on a given node .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  runs   notes
truth:  runs   asset

test:  release a new amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   sluggified
truth:  get   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = 0 .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  delete server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn the windows file pointer into source files .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  determine if the version of a string is an absolute path .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns default contact contact contact .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   contact

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  generate instance of styles in config .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  mutate   pulls
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the sites that are authorized .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get redis pattern .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  return the first provider information .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  w/ w/ a proxy reference to a numpy array .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  creates a quality score for each element of the sequence .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  makes   assume
truth:  makes   header

test:  generate a random string only with random seed and seed the seed rate .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  retrieve the devices contributions .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieves   inserting
truth:  retrieves   calendar

test:  return an inverse discrete variable .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  redirects to the tasks .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  aborts   uploading
truth:  aborts   job

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  make sure the deviation: of data is less than one arg .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   position

test:  sets the test view and lets .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  has   checkout
truth:  has   way

test:  return the value of an input variable .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  pulls   simplifying
truth:  pulls   range

test:  read a run-length encoded file .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   batch
truth:  read   code

test:  load an affine file from a file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  converts   quotes
truth:  converts   map

test:  compute the trimmed mean of the values in the input array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   simulate
truth:  unset   spec

test:  return true if the given context is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return the indices of non-zero elements that are non-zero / shared-secret .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  splits a hint into a list of :class: .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  optimize gamma gamma function .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  estimate   offset
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  uninstall a python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   map
truth:  uninstall   implementation

test:  pack arg into a tuple .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   switch
truth:  pack   list

test:  mock commands .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns data retrieved from test_records .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  escape a string so that it can be used as an attribute to a boolean make a <script> content .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   stores
truth:  escape   name

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  show the about page .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns all css dependencies .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   write
truth:  returns   dependencies

test:  wrap an iterable over an iterable object .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if the repository has any errors .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   whitelisted
truth:  returns   repo

test:  log and raise an error with a logical formatted message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  check to see if a base link is a bad link to the bad one .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  does   labeled
truth:  does   file

test:  deletes an exploration for a given exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   coordinates
truth:  deletes   exploration

test:  return a column number as a column number .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   standardizes
truth:  return   byte

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  returns a tuple containing the parsed config parsed from the specified content string .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  parses a xml word .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  used to recursively copy a source files and delete a destination so that they can be stored in the path .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  used   customized
truth:  used   salt

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   pulls
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should return an exception if given and invalid arguments .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  exit   pulls
truth:  exit   null

test:  trained types controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  converts a creation sequence in the form of a graph to weights .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  field_seq : map | map | map | map | map | enum_item sep .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot a single axes or a sparse matrix .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create the mariadb line into log file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  write   small_stmts
truth:  write   line

test:  create a collection of hosts from user its ok if user does not reserve in .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  reserve   allocate
truth:  reserve   user

test:  change the current settings of a file .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return the special rss url for the given rss url .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  uses a tornado http requests to async version .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   barcodes
truth:  uses   http

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the number of pull changes .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  function   query
truth:  function   position

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  perspective view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  return a permission file object .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   sleep
truth:  serve   files

test:  get sort parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  retrieves   review
truth:  retrieves   keys

test:  verify that the parent argument list gives the same .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the modjk configuration cli example: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   deflate
truth:  get   config

test:  deletes a configuration option within a new metadata .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  merge many keys in dask to equivalent in dask task .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  returns the module number of the beets beets .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  retrieve   encapsulate
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  group a sympy expression with name .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  dictionary   default
truth:  dictionary   part

test:  return the ip address for each distinct system .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   rendering
truth:  override   routines

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  provision flocker for a node .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  suppresses binary array on the input binary .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  get the mounted device pointer .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for the difference between 0 .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   safe_octal
truth:  sets   class

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  run the rabbitmq rabbitmq server .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  compute spatial connectivity for a given cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  compute an isolating fraction using fixed-tolerance function .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   roots

test:  create a quietly with the specified name .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return a currently installed packages version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  verifies that certificate can be verified for the certificate to a given certificate .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  uploads the repository directory and add the appropriate exports to the final repository .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   sleep
truth:  add   files

test:  creates a protobuf query for a entity_pb .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   redirecting
truth:  make   entity

test:  effect size for a list of numbers .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draws   regressiont
truth:  draws   index

test:  retrieves the amount of megacycles .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   decorating
truth:  get   log

test:  return a list of existing elements .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  determines   reinitialize
truth:  determines   subset

test:  if url is in the mode .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  get the given options .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check if the ip address is a valid subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  validate   based
truth:  validate   address

test:  read tag data from file and return as json string .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test to ensure all passing works as expected .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   labels
truth:  test   transform

test:  return the volume tag associated with a specific volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  retrieve   building
truth:  retrieve   tag

test:  helper to get factory: factory: record from database .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  retrieves   clip
truth:  retrieves   record

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  add   cause
truth:  add   option

test:  return a surface structure for an mri .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  calculate   ignores
truth:  calculate   meg

test:  check for log .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  given a recursive element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  return   unzip
truth:  return   year

test:  return a string with sudo .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return the absolute path of a file .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  a helper function for sorting a sequence of text strings .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  sort   supports
truth:  sort   text

test:  get the profile for a user: .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  modifies an http view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  renders   occurring
truth:  renders   authorization

test:  get the default fs component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  returns true if given stream is in encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  helper to check montage info .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  help   pulls
truth:  help   null

test:  select the peak function to be used with scenario 1 .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all outbound inbound messages are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  deletes a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  pulls   express
truth:  pulls   -

test:  check if a package is available on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fit a coil vector .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   offset
truth:  fit   parameters

test:  return true if the site app is enabled .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the such that can be used like a passed rule .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  kills for the server .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  attempt   gzipped
truth:  attempt   completion

test:  revoke an existing admin .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   theorem
truth:  revoke   privileges

test:  project version detail form view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   bring
truth:  project   page

test:  down a protocol message for a "repeated" protocol .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  make   parsefile
truth:  make   descriptor

test:  open a routed .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a task object .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  fetch   redirecting
truth:  fetch   entity

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a random published objects .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  recursively map nested sequence of quality strings .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  maps   configured
truth:  maps   tree

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  pulls   renders
truth:  pulls   series

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file system .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  run the main neural routine .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  dragonfly doji .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  creates a new plugin for a specific language .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  creates a synchronous method and create a sync method that runs the given method .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  writes the given string to stdout .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  helper function for defining parse action .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  substitute   pulls
truth:  substitute   null

test:  tests that hugs uuid works as expected by the uuid transform .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   pipe
truth:  tests   validator

test:  checks the list of available network value .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  each tool shed to the latest tool shed .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  collect   restoring
truth:  collect   data

test:  convert an uri to a os path on a uniform uri .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  check if the system version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  check   crack
truth:  check   _

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer is a parent instance of equality and saving .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  test i/o i/o instance result .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   climb
truth:  test   covariance

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return details about the webapp url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  list available breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read data from hdf5 file .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  try   rising
truth:  try   group

test:  cleans up any introduction for use when creating a task that will go up to cleanup the query .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  renders a comment .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  handle   abstract_declarator_opt
truth:  handle   submission

test:  generate a nodes in a matlab matrix .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  generate random file .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_eval_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  try to decide which matching filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   instantiate
truth:  checks   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   form
truth:  add   side

test:  elementwise log .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  returns a list of topics trees that are not linked to courseware .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   stops
truth:  returns   topic

test:  decorator to run a function only on a list of objects .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  resolve a string value to a list or tuples .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract messages from a character set of files .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove white spaces and replace spaces with spaces .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  request to have students cohorted in a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   currents
truth:  request   state

test:  factory function for making reflected function for factors .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve an authorization resource for a file .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test installing a package using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  reverse reverse to reverse the following represents a single pkg .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compare   poll
truth:  compare   versions

test:  truncate text to a certain number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  truncates   supports
truth:  truncates   text

test:  test the classification report with datasets .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  return a dict like dict .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverses   pulls
truth:  reverses   null

test:  validates that the system supports the expected password values .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  hashes   terminate
truth:  hashes   password

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   stderr
truth:  gets   machine

test:  return a unique name for the given sls file or identifier .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  returns the country calling token .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test that macro expansion doesnt segfault .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  extract coordinates from file of a log file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  adapted   lambda
truth:  adapted   django

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  remove a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  return a function that returns a random strategy .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  returns   permutation

test:  swap two strings using one value .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  test time period .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  reboot a message to pending buffer .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  return whether window is supported on this system .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   plucks
truth:  is   window

test:  make sure all something and return true if the given exceptions .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  generic python each directory .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  get a list of queue() peering connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  helper function to create a source location from a file or a tuple .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test valid color in the text .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   supports
truth:  test   text

test:  serialize a sequence of obj like a data structure .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  returns a bytestring version of bytes .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  make   hover
truth:  make   bytes

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   rollbacks
truth:  decide   desktop

test:  handle the ndarray for a simple official model .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  returns all folders for the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  returns true if input is related to the time .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return all linear gradient for the row .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  get data view from mne object instance like raw .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   permutates
truth:  get   epochs

test:  returns a dict mapping file metadata to their metadata server .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   resample
truth:  looks   directories

test:  convert two numbers to julian .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  collect dask bag to a zip of relation .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  pulls   blink
truth:  pulls   zip

test:  given a valid timestamp .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  return   call

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is not activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   post_save
truth:  test   metadata

test:  helper to apply a model to the additional configuration dictionary .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  return the rank of values in enum .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  gives   pulls
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate absolute path of css files .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  helper to check if the files are modified .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensures   sleep
truth:  ensures   files

test:  get the list of theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts a socket to a socket .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  returns the user if the current user has an identity terminal .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return a list of meters by a project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   correct
truth:  execute   async

test:  create a new repo of type everybodys .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  get information on the system .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   point
truth:  run   status

test:  decorator to mark a function that bubbles results from a method call .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the path to the ith build platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get all volumes belonging to a service .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  return true if the given url has explicit explicit scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  sets the path name .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   define
truth:  sets   path

test:  converts a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  clean nans scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  reads a scenario .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the first in a list .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fix the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   inputhook
truth:  fix   sys

test:  this makes a test that grants errors and applies them to the test suite .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   lcmv
truth:  check   models

test:  fixture to make a etreefx .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  creates a reverse view for the given parameters .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  pulls   simplify
truth:  pulls   urlresolvers

test:  test if a path is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  test creating report to report .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  purges a bridge on an interface .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  determine if the provided app revision is a malicious revision changeset to be defined as well as the malicious revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager to manage the default patch and delete previous .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return list of valid serial values as a string .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  checks on windows .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   map
truth:  checks   implementation

test:  require a portage package to be installed .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  create the regular expression for a given compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  remove   label
truth:  remove   custom

test:  a simple test of pause-download-on-pp .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  demo   created
truth:  demo   mode

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  executes a queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  wrap   uploading
truth:  wrap   job

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   swallows
truth:  create   fault

test:  return the discrete log of a theano function .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  parse results specific to the siteclass proportions .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  pulls   lcmv
truth:  pulls   models

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  class decorator to rebuild a reduction of plugin .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get an ssh key for root to an esxi host via http put .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  retrieve   inform
truth:  retrieve   entry

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  construct opening text to a single node .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  performs median/wpgmc clusters on a node .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  reads the syntax for the given versions .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  rewrites   capturing
truth:  rewrites   error

test:  legacy a legacy str using the designated library .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  sleep for calls to send some sequence .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a non-decorator way to verifies that the given validator has a string .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   post_save
truth:  validate   metadata

test:  use this decorator to expose actions on confirmation .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  filter out a cross-validation at a time .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  yield   enroll
truth:  yield   iterator

test:  get the fetch owntracks/user/dev .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  query   review
truth:  query   keys

test:  return a sphere copy of the matrix that are used to generate a sphere .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  if arg is not a string .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the powershell app is available .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  determine   authenticate
truth:  determine   powershell

test:  compute formal power function formal power spectral and return a few different functions .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  count the words in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  adds   carve
truth:  adds   word

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   pulls
truth:  imports   null

test:  print a procedure item by procedure .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the composite transform of a and b parameters a : thrift or elastic implementation returns writeme .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  build a call or customization of tests .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   stays
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  prints the usage of an array .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   compose
truth:  prints   usage

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   shared
truth:  deserialize   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  checks the length of reseller_prefix .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  normalizes   retrive
truth:  normalizes   checks

test:  parses the module bin list of arguments .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  run   lambda
truth:  run   django

test:  generate an arma process parameters ar : array_like coefficients : array_like number of observations for which pacf coefficients : array_like number of lags for which ma : array_like .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  sends a name to the process listed in <program_name> .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  name   instantiate
truth:  name   arguments

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test if a user exists on the database .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  checks   fallocate
truth:  checks   admin

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  executing all values that are not just a statement or general values .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   autoreleased
truth:  executing   types

test:  creates a form field from a form for the form .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  start a machine by name .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   stderr
truth:  start   machine

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  call a shell function as a shell command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  extracts the login from an http server and returns a standard deviation .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  configures   offset
truth:  configures   parameters

test:  updates last_started_state_editor_tutorial to the current datetime for the user with given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  records   allocate
truth:  records   user

test:  read comments from the given blank file .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  find   comments

test:  computes the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = 0 .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  creates a function pointer to construct a cffi type for a cffi type .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  when a process fails .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   colorized
truth:  detach   context

test:  test installing a wheel using installing from a tarball .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  helper function to return the description of a field .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  drop everything required to have previous values .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  clear   responds
truth:  clear   database

test:  returns true if *obj* is array-like .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  shortcut   pulls
truth:  shortcut   null

test:  check to see if launch exists .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  jobs fit a linear regressions .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  returns the logs usage directory .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  clear   looping
truth:  clear   node

test:  return a checksum of the jar that are on the checksum .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  finds the parameters and collects a set of parameters .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  replace   offset
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set windows computer on windows computer .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   unpublicizes
truth:  set   description

test:  convert a line number to a column number .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  convert   overwrites
truth:  convert   shape

test:  only equivalent to a slice .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   enhanced
truth:  decode   object

test:  given a multipart/form-data body .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   flow
truth:  encode   fields

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   search
truth:  deconstructs   d

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  get a list of analytics .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  given   capitalizes
truth:  given   revision

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  construct a version 4 string with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  legacy the behavior of --local --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   been
truth:  test   format

test:  save a list of file extensions to disk .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  save   history

test:  get request instance from request .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  temporarily use a event handler to return a module http object .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  change   bench
truth:  change   value

test:  restart the named service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  restrict input type to the positive integer .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  restrict   teardown
truth:  restrict   type

test:  wait for the application to make it easier to send versioned .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   draft
truth:  make   prompt

test:  tests for validation methods .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  wrap   promote
truth:  wrap   warnings

test:  registers custom check to make sure the given plugin is not in use .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  adds domains and s3migrate() turned into a comma-separated or combo with each domains .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  registers   estimating
truth:  registers   domains

test:  adds a setting that adds a appropriate settings to the passed settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   solve
truth:  adds   settings

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  it should correctly extract tabular step correctly into an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  mark a cookie for an album .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  browse   utf-8
truth:  browse   argument

test:  set up the simplisafe sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  check if the connonical is fixed by iis or hashes hashes .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  check   looking
truth:  check   operator

test:  chebyshev spherical polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  coefficients   acquiring
truth:  coefficients   bessel

test:  get the auth url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  try   access
truth:  try   url

test:  reads the contents of a file .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  if the elements are available .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the authentication object from the pool file .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  when x is an optional type of a python string or unicode .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  random()*i an image from a png image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  returns the index of the specified column to the given line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the old user cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   embedded
truth:  change   example

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  step that always fails .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  create a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  test zero or optionally whitespace functions in a tab .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  convert the clip easier .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  pulls   evaluate
truth:  pulls   clip

test:  generates a random set of strings .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a list of paths to add git files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   paging
truth:  remove   interface

test:  return a generator of response input .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  utility method to verify that seqs: not closed or closed cart items not closed .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  test that simple class add tests to each test function .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  display the list of available locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  disconnect all the discussion from a dashboard and assign them to a signals .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   extends
truth:  disconnect   signals

test:  return a list of words in obj .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  get a new file from a zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  list   tells
truth:  list   vdis

test:  determine the default stim data for an mean .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  default   go
truth:  default   channels

test:  clear the cache for a file based on the master and works .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  add a new slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  make a ast styles code .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   reconstruct
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep and restore the system .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  put   encode
truth:  put   mac

test:  check if a collection is sorted .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  make   extension

test:  return a _load_module: dtype string given by indexing string .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  creates   ridge
truth:  creates   qcolor

test:  run a deploy process on travis defaults .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   alignment
truth:  update   section

test:  internal helper to make sure the vcenter are properly initialized when creating a vcenter server .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  return the tail of the lines in a separate block .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribes a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   allocate
truth:  subscribes   user

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   stacking
truth:  restore   grid

test:  return the interquartile order of the permutations with values a .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  sort   map
truth:  sort   implementation

test:  registers a service with the given name .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  return eigenvalues centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get pixels ips and timestamp .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  computes the box of a matrix x - x .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  -   sparks
truth:  -   number

test:  remove the previously secant senderkey from the connections[senderkey]except .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  delete a key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the package id for the given package name or id .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test merging user to another user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  change the path to the login group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send and installs one or more packages .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  deactivate   downloading
truth:  deactivate   package

test:  send email after purchase with purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  finds a ancestors of the process with pid .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  load the global backend backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  installs   downloading
truth:  installs   package

test:  ensure we have work like numbers .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   mignotte
truth:  ensure   things

test:  ensure that the multipart request get multiauth .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   invokes
truth:  ensure   works

test:  create autoscaler for gce instance .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  it can download report if user has access to download report .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  tests   allocate
truth:  tests   user

test:  optimization to insert gpu cookies .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this splits a process into a string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  process   equalize
truth:  process   email

test:  makes an attribute from a dict .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  generate the applet language given an iterable of pairs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  return info on an image cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  get the maximum span of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  create ajax controller for calling actions .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  format a user for the given 5-minute .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   encrypt
truth:  format   screen

test:  makes a miller-rabin approx for a cell cluster .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  return an http version as a string .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator to ensure a docker docker client is still docker .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set the profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  determine if two polynomials are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  check   collecting
truth:  check   b

test:  return true if the given user exists .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if path can be located .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  gets the type of the packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  initialize bookmark completion model .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   lcmv
truth:  initialize   models

test:  add group type to a group .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get path to the users data .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  display the argument value of a tls host .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the maximum of the minimum value in an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   variance

test:  parse a text to a see: file .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  make sure ast can compile invalid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  dictionary-to-object-translation shortcut from a list of pairs .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  compute   mimics
truth:  compute   activation

test:  get a specific module name from the given name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  remove the file: or byte string .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  group edit page for a report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  view   rising
truth:  view   group

test:  set the grains in the current vm .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   vms
truth:  edit   thread

test:  conditionally exclude on all patchset() .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   tsv
truth:  exclude   components

test:  create pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  return the value of two 32-bit continuous variable in base x .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   igor
truth:  print   device

test:  create a new blockdeviceapi .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  validate   cleave
truth:  validate   providers

test:  retrieves the same instance that a system-portable instance backwards .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  git-reset(1)_ from the surface source string to dest .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   splitting
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get notification notifications for each page .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify that assigning to a positive file .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   summarize
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  a fake implementation of the shift-reduce error .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  helper to upload a full field path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  used   dtype
truth:  used   arg

test:  retrieves password for use with a particular password .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  return the binomial code in bilinear equation using the binomial algorithm .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  expand   constrained
truth:  expand   functions

test:  get the status of a user .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  read metamorph stk file and return as a dictionary .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the distance matrix of two lists .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  delete tree skipping from the principal mounting this implementation .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clean   assume
truth:  clean   header

test:  get due date based on a particular party date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  singular a wsgi application serving a specific set of tests .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  admin about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  converts a datetime object to an iso timestamp .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  the main function to create or binddn if not provided .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  returns true if the permissions can be run with a thread .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  queries the descendants for a given instance .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  this is a context manager which launches the file at runtime of the context manager .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  replaces database .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  fixture   emit
truth:  fixture   access

test:  replace the dict of filename with the given key .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of all courses courses .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  generates the current vim file for the given user .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  fixture to create a runtime_config: variable .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add case tree case to the given node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  display   looping
truth:  display   node

test:  ensure a github user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  return a file in the form for the given file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  converts a function to a normal container to a function .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  assures   satisfy
truth:  assures   container

test:  get a database frame .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  parse a show flags .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  dump info and show info with enabled info .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  test uptime .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  assert   dispatch
truth:  assert   operators

test:  update email address .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  enable   unserialize
truth:  enable   integration

test:  configures the module .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  implement   inplace
truth:  implement   ovs

test:  configure the default address for a port .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a batch arguments: arguments: auth_token -- the batch for image to be either oddly or equal to the height .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  get a tool shed repository record from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  resize the image .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  resize   forwards
truth:  resize   image

test:  jpeg data in test .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  split issues into a single line .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup covers .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  extracts the default value from the daemon daemon .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  get   urlencode
truth:  get   item

test:  write the pip metadata xml file descriptor to a vector .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  do user auth info .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  return the resulting resulting from a function .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  chained   float
truth:  chained   decorator

test:  removes multiple documents from empty call: .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  set the total_seq_count: inputs as an elb .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  populate   responds
truth:  populate   database

test:  signal to create user preferences .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  calculate the stochastic individuals from each individual individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  load observatory database from data .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  writes the message to the log file using the trace .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   randomise
truth:  writes   message

test:  skips test if handle have the same name .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  cleans flowgrams from any '/tmp' .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   labeled
truth:  clean   file

test:  convenience function to create a appropriate arguments .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  didnt the applications .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  rebuilds   access
truth:  rebuilds   url

test:  create the config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  frees a message .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  print   considering
truth:  print   debug

test:  returns the index of x in y mode .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  convolve   patched
truth:  convolve   y

test:  check if two lines are multilabel and y .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  check   patched
truth:  check   y

test:  remove the named user .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  recursive   activate
truth:  recursive   delete

test:  try to locate all modules should consider your applications .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  return true if part is probably a newline .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  test that a package is properly reference .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transaction mode .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   loads
truth:  rolls   changes

test:  evaluate gaussian in the emailaddress of x .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  compute the skewness .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  given   bitcast
truth:  given   boxes

test:  kill a logical process .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  blend the two images .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  blend   indicating
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  find the absolute order of b .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  write a file into a string .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   restricts
truth:  get   inset

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  check that sparse oneclasssvm works like closing .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fetches information about students .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  verify all setup for nested resources .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validates   demonstrates
truth:  validates   setup

test:  return a prefix for the completions method .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  get user copy of a module .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  creates supplied html document for reports on given list of html .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  take   drawing
truth:  take   tags

test:  parse html and return value .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  used   exposes
truth:  used   values

test:  converts an integer to a set of latest elements .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the page context for a given python .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the system encoding used by the locale .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  encoding   pending
truth:  encoding   default

test:  get the information on a running system .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  delete signal for a particular user .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   referenced
truth:  delete   bookmark

test:  calculate the vector of a and b .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a string to a valid python identifier .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the current numeric secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  parses a string to end .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  normalize univariate corpus .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  profile   plan
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a track object for events based on its server .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  convert uid to a user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   was
truth:  convert   uid

test:  creates a default app instance configured with the given settings .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   roundrobin
truth:  returns   application

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   routes
truth:  computes   chebyshev

test:  get the results to use for configuation tests in flocker .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  dedent the indentation of the file .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  dedent   gauss
truth:  dedent   strings

test:  demonstrates use user to json .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  wait for a redis worker to become active .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  compare surfaces for comparison .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  pulls   sentiment
truth:  pulls   bem

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   configured
truth:  print   tree

test:  organize list of commands and parse them into one of unique list of commands .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  yields   exploit
truth:  yields   duplicates

test:  computes multivariate normal distribution for a given beam .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the hash of a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  quote the tar string for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   supports
truth:  text   text

test:  get authentication token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return a nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if 0 is 0 .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  check   computes
truth:  check   cell

test:  convenience wrapper around _format_value() .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  a generator returning lines that starts a file .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  split the given list of candidate labels into a dict of keys .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  return   labels

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  decorator to annotate calls .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a string to be used in the musicbrainz database .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a multi-dimensional .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   mutes
truth:  sign   app

test:  return a wsgi engine based on the database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  load   mixed
truth:  load   engine

test:  return the appropriate http header .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  search for releases and return a dict with an releases key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  plot a figure and the result .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   reported
truth:  plot   function

test:  extract a list of trees that are adam for the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  search   configured
truth:  search   tree

test:  get all available packages for a package .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression arrow id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  pulls   facilitates
truth:  pulls   postfix_expression

test:  removes the context for the specified local stack .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  removes   deconvolves
truth:  removes   level

test:  write information about a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   populating
truth:  write   info

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   tend
truth:  get   chunk

test:  parses an interval for specifying class with a different time string .
truth: factory function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find and return vera switches .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   travel
truth:  find   vera

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  encodes   skipped
truth:  encodes   use

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  helper function for checking whether a microsite is an optional optional value .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  gets information about a csrf request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  find the service id and return the default group id .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   flattens
truth:  verifies   output

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  read *exactly* chunks from sock bytes .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   extracts
truth:  read   socket

test:  gets field from the installed_apps cache .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : enum id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  get a subscription .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the system .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   ensures
truth:  add   anything

test:  accepts a buffer and returns a tuple containing the detected detected values from that mime buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  adds users to the db .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  run the block amount of a path .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates a copy of a template purpose for an environment .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  filter out the common but only a step .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   do
truth:  convert   hashes

test:  returns the function which is used by a function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python string source code into separate fields .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   shared
truth:  evaluate   string

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  test   unpatch
truth:  test   matching

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   iterates
truth:  escape   comment

test:  return integer as a list of ten .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  decide whether one element is either a sequence of values or different elements .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test for a pathname of the unique id .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  used to execute a session .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  echo   reported
truth:  echo   function

test:  ensure a security group exists .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  checks if a given standard usermedia exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  create some sort of interactive window say .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   plucks
truth:  create   window

test:  reboot a search : string nictag to be rebooted on boot cli example: .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   squared
truth:  reboot   vms

test:  return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_var_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   alter
truth:  return   mock

test:  create a new volume object .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return true if the variable is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  loads a module instances .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   switch
truth:  load   list

test:  call available updates scripts on the system .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  compute the standard change of label .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   deprecate
truth:  compute   cpu

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and the rest of the path .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  deprecated   flip
truth:  deprecated   python

test:  check to see if the given rest keys exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  find the average precision .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   holding
truth:  find   policy

test:  yaml: dynamic-choice dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns none on the images cli example: .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  search for sorting of object .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a frontend version string to load the python version .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  normalize   extract
truth:  normalize   version

test:  stop the tokens rfc822 section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  stop   section

test:  get the repr repr of obj .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check for the existence of a table in the table and return whether it is found .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  return the query_string of the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  parses   access
truth:  parses   url

test:  get the evaluated float .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  returns the value in iterable that is none :arg mydict: the winners object to be enabled .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  helper function to hide a dictionary of button on the base button .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  hide   resizes
truth:  hide   icon

test:  recursively copy the item of an item from the dictionary .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  pulls   svn
truth:  pulls   dicts

test:  escapes a string for use in a shell .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  quotes   utf-8
truth:  quotes   argument

test:  attach bare windows build id) namespace to dictionary .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  return the residual clustering of g .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  unsolve view .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  accept   reauthenticates
truth:  accept   answer

test:  run the given test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  template   constrained
truth:  template   functions

test:  export method to a output .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   located
truth:  export   method

test:  set current part of webhooks .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   default
truth:  process   part

test:  converts first_name to unicode string .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  convert   submitted
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  find the most recent values of a given object .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  deletes the specified versions of package .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   poll
truth:  update   versions

test:  ensure that given present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  create a process when the python interpreter was created .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  imports the object for the given module .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  test iterate over genbank .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  allocate an alloc represeting timedelta .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   pulls
truth:  allocate   null

test:  read a path from a bucket .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  read the parameters from a file at enter format .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   offset
truth:  read   parameters

test:  run test suite .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  provides the jail for a process id .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  table with table delimiters .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a storage object with a get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  make sure sequence and seed ends in a string .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   implied
truth:  generate   seed

test:  returns a unique elements of the iterable object .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  test in-place of a variable .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  check   randomise
truth:  check   message

test:  remove all discussion tabs for the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   cut
truth:  remove   tab

test:  converts string into an integer .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  extract   d

test:  get page size .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  prints the list of all the results in the given row .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   understemmed
truth:  prints   results

test:  websocket table header and vcenter vcenter .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  try   fix
truth:  try   websocket

test:  initialize the release level module .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  clone   decompresses
truth:  clone   flocker

test:  jacobian matrix of the network system evaluation - n .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  obtain the model vendor from the show model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   pushing
truth:  obtain   model

test:  shows the internet connection .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  quit   clones
truth:  quit   server

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  get inradius .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  mimics password reset reset .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  check to see if the users home options can be read successfully .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  builds   freezing
truth:  builds   configuration

test:  download and build fasttree then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   coerce
truth:  download   swarm

test:  length of the absolute value of degree n and order n parameters n : int .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  module function to generate a password hash of a password hash .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  commits the menu support for processing .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  shows   compressing
truth:  shows   menu

test:  configures room to end .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the thread to be passed in using eventlet .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  initializes   ellipsoid
truth:  initializes   pool

test:  creates a trivial graph using the given empty graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  checks we have an instance of the highest functions .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks for defining mistakes .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test hashing raw objects .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the search for a specified file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  grep   labeled
truth:  grep   file

test:  return a built-in built-in prefix for us config properties .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  converts a regex id to a string .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   failing
truth:  converts   style

test:  ajax endpoint to search type .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   slave_open
truth:  search   media

test:  run program .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  drops   allocate
truth:  drops   user

test:  inject names that can be used as a valid api .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  patches   assign
truth:  patches   requests

test:  unmount a one or all mountpoint trees trees cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  delete the default restorecon restorecon path path to the file or directory cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  reset   colorized
truth:  reset   context

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  get the construct boolean value of a 3 3 .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  sets a log level level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  creates a mode .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  add   created
truth:  add   mode

test:  model a simple group with simple raise .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  does the common but systems to send a fields to the time .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  pulls   obtained
truth:  pulls   clients

test:  check if the loop is valid .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to upgrade .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value decoded from dbms specific hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decodes   bench
truth:  decodes   value

test:  computes ricatti-bessel function .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  sends an email with data .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  return   inform
truth:  return   entry

test:  encode a json string to python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  get the current ssh version this method is a shallow version for ssh .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  extract only the snmp snmp data from a string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   prepares
truth:  disable   router

test:  get the current docker api version .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  show   stopped
truth:  show   statistics

test:  attempt to run a synchronous on a python application .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  marks a callback as current user object as current context .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns content for cached content .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  retrieves   darken
truth:  retrieves   piece

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   utf-8
truth:  return   argument

test:  counts the number of numbers in a string .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  counts   returned
truth:  counts   numbers

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  it automatically unmask an array .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   restrict
truth:  normalize   array

test:  compute the circular standard deviation for samples assumed to be in the range [low to high] .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   containing
truth:  allocate   ip

test:  returns the shape of a input variable .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add enum types to descriptor if enum supports enum .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  sets   defines
truth:  sets   attributes

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  produces produces a nested dict .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  deprecated use sortcap .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  test getting completion for unknown .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  decorator to require the decorated function .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decode an html representation of the given string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  flattens   pulls
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this is a feature of dict .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the right and/or state of a new basis .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap a single paragraph of text .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   supported
truth:  wrap   paragraph

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the keychain to install the keychain to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   traverse
truth:  install   cert

test:  restart the current traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  displays a command in the background git-cola should be looked up the following text .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  print   constrained
truth:  print   functions

test:  decrypt data using the binary morphological is a byte string .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  makes a zone .
truth: register the device . 
test:  register   igor
truth:  register   device

test:  compute the sha of a matrix from a previous line .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  hash   recreate
truth:  hash   portion

test:  helper method for getting whether the given user can access the blocks in the course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the path length between source and target using target algorithm .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  get the path for the sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  builds a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   compare
truth:  create   payment

test:  helper to start the modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  delete containers for a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  remove   mounts
truth:  remove   objects

test:  load a module .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  recursively d2 two dictionaries first dictionary in d2 .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  returns the escaped text if the node has a unicode on the escaped of a unit text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  merge multiple sorted inputs into a single pair .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   reallocation
truth:  merge   collection

test:  delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns a string representation of the section or subsection that is stored in the email id .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  a decorator that prevents audit from being automatically authorized to call an action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  hack   using
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  grant   serves
truth:  grant   roles

test:  imports weblate_* module or none .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a process for a given resource .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  gets   negate
truth:  gets   resource

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   gauss
truth:  test   strings

test:  multiply f by a constant value f in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   uncheck
truth:  multiply   element

test:  it should correctly extract regular step correctly into an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses the form string into a differential file .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   shared
truth:  ask   string

test:  parse __init__ ip address from src to retrieve ip address .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  pulls   combined
truth:  pulls   ipv4

test:  return dns dns lookup between the file system and locate .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   catching
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether remote events is on or off if supported :return: true if supported on upgrade cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   fitnesse
truth:  displays   events

test:  returns a tuple of the frequency of *x* .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  computes   imports
truth:  computes   coefficient

test:  progress release section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  progress   alignment
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  optimized   calc_footprint
truth:  optimized   strip

test:  parse the expected line argument to a function .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  system information type 8 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  run a server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  send an sms message to a number of smtp .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  build an exponential function for the given schema .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ip address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   yield
truth:  returns   bool

test:  iterate over notes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   show
truth:  iterates   notes

test:  test recovery ica components raw components .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  skip a test if unittest is a simplex .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  attach a json story representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   populating
truth:  attach   info

test:  update the version .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   returned
truth:  update   numbers

test:  receives an event by loading an event .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  sends   nested
truth:  sends   segment

test:  ciphering assignment section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  ciphering   alignment
truth:  ciphering   section

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  takes a string and moves words that are available .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  calculate   minpoly(add
truth:  calculate   words

test:  return full import urls .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  determines   tracks
truth:  determines   urls

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  attempt to run a test on windows .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  tries to click an element and waits for a page to .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  find a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  echo calls to a single vertical api .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  echo   pulls
truth:  echo   null

test:  returns the received set of matching implementation and we are visible .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  yield   prioritized
truth:  yield   messages

test:  helper method to iterate over fields .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   flow
truth:  iterate   fields

test:  list all accessible courses actions .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  list   disconnect
truth:  list   courses

test:  returns theano sentence .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  simplify   array
truth:  simplify   computation

test:  get the hash of an ldap user .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  try to clone a time from a unix socket .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  prepares   redirecting
truth:  prepares   entity

test:  same as lower .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether basic axis updates get ok .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert the input value to a boolean like so: >> make_boolean true .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  write a client .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  write hash to file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  takes   labeled
truth:  takes   file

test:  execute command and return its results .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  ensure that the named group is absent name the name of the job to remove job cache the job group to remove .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   uploading
truth:  ensure   job

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  parses a file .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  read   pasted
truth:  read   feed

test:  delete a pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  performs a conda environment .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  disassociate a floating ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  returns the integer code in the graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  no config file should gracefully extract settings out of settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  calculate the cross entropy between the targets and the output: layers .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  perform logistic loss .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  this generator flattens a list of dicts to the items in the sequence .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  get all user details .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   isolate
truth:  get   policies

test:  a decorator to set the job for the decorated function .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the windows type .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   exposes
truth:  find   values

test:  test y classes .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  get the region matching the specified region .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  find   execute
truth:  find   region

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  plot the correct lvm interpolation .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  generate   parens
truth:  generate   figure

test:  subtract two consecutive characters of a string .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  print a string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   shared
truth:  print   string

test:  unpack the user for the application .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  returns the contents of a given device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether the user needs to log checks that the response is not a login object .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  creates a non-function set of variables .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  extract   pocsuite
truth:  extract   n

test:  invokes the given values to the given values .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate pain for adjusting inputs .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  parse a string consisting of eventnotification .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   wanted
truth:  parse   filename

test:  provide a prefixloader .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  return a list of the files that can be used to create a file .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  return the host from the xenapi host and host .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate a cookie alias .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   orders
truth:  generate   alias

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  checks a response has a valid json encoded string .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to multiline strings .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   translated
truth:  write   g

test:  get datetime object for a given expiry date .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  show   focused
truth:  show   dates

test:  fixture which provides a fake config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  get the interrupt service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be converted to the appropriate local path is a "cross-platform" path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  generates the alternating group on n nodes as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   rising
truth:  generates   group

test:  clears the logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   hacked
truth:  clear   buffer

test:  helper for build_index(): .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  generate   randomise
truth:  generate   message

test:  return true if the given file name is a file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  returns text with " .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  displays   returned
truth:  displays   numbers

test:  get the value of an object .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  returns a list of table names from the given cursor .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  index a datetime value of the given string .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  skirt the fill file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  create a minimal minimal filter .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  handle clicks on all opensslcertificateoptions of a tree in a frozen expression .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  bans a twitter account from using aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  ignores   restart
truth:  ignores   account

test:  returns a random job prefix based on the provided prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  internal utility function to check if a string is a valid percent field .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   produces
truth:  check   identity

test:  parses a date period and returns the resulting date .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  pulls   dereference
truth:  pulls   width

test:  write data to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  tests if a file in an zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  only load log warnings if needed .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  initialize   freezing
truth:  initialize   configuration

test:  return the mntd .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  find   highlight
truth:  find   row

test:  move memcache into bad indent :type semi-random .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  testing that the double quotes is taller with double quotes and the expected quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  revoke up tasks from background task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   requesting
truth:  revoke   i

test:  return the attribute of two objects in the attribute strings .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  function used to mark a command .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  load the social login form .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   colorized
truth:  load   context

test:  checks the number of errors .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test reading a column column values chopped by col extent .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   located
truth:  mock   method

test:  parse xfs_estimate then return list of equal trees .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  adds a message to the appropriate namespace for the given namespace .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  populate   flattening
truth:  populate   field

test:  gets the path to an image in the given file .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  returns   outline
truth:  returns   hex

test:  casts value to an argument .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  attempts   contributed
truth:  attempts   t

test:  returns a timestamp for display .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  pulls   childnodes
truth:  pulls   timestamp

test:  a tensorflow template messages that creates a plain template messages .
truth: show django . 
test:  show   lambda
truth:  show   django

test:  return true if the path is within a dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  detect   define
truth:  detect   path

test:  get the arguments and default values of a functions arguments .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  language: pt-br -> language class supports french .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  reset warning to a warning .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  set   pings
truth:  set   behavior

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   uplink
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   hanging
truth:  initialize   variables

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  setup   attriute
truth:  setup   stdout

test:  compute the progress element of a given path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculates the maximum vote on a list of majority .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  assumes   centers
truth:  assumes   labels

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  retry   reported
truth:  retry   function

test:  congestion section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  control   alignment
truth:  control   section

test:  degree -> string return the default value from a variant .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  requests the http client for running tests or none if no user is specified .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate internal function for externally authenticated user .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  reverse the search history .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  load bom into a json file .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  loads the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  run system command .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  helper function to colour-code xml text string .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  test installing from a non-editable from a pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  decorator that checks that the stack for a stack request and container bold .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  pulls   isolate
truth:  pulls   policies

test:  extract a dict from structured output file syntax .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  get the list of available instance exceptions .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return certain version of the current linux distribution in a dictionary .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  a variation of the entropy of x .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  standard filter factory to use the middleware with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  gets profile line based on profile .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  return   plan
truth:  return   profile

test:  convert a byte string to a bytestring if it isnt an utf-8 for a byte string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if any file in the attempt satisfies true .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  builds and returns the contents of a callable in the given suffix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   labeled
truth:  execute   file

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  performs a permission requests with the given obj and returns the result .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   assign
truth:  retrieves   requests

test:  like :func:exec_prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  this matches the common attributes .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  returns the matfile .
truth: return major . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load an image .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns true if primer in seqs .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  if the edit view should be desired .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  countermonotonic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the file descriptor in f that x[a][b] encoded text .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  convert a pkt .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  find   talk
truth:  find   packet

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the first count digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   trims
truth:  generate   shift

test:  return the class name associated with the given alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  attempt to run a synchronous on a python application .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  convert checked flow for registers .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test that function takes a dictionary with the default input and target layers .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write information about the all-against-all periods .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  generate   restarts
truth:  generate   refs

test:  returns true if the tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   inquire
truth:  returns   tool

test:  returns a draft we are on the given location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  verify a scipy event tuple of values converted to first dimension of coefficients .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   hits
truth:  check   filter

test:  helper to test state_changed a warning error with a cluster support .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  given a string of integers .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  applies   proctored
truth:  applies   sort

test:  check if the list of configs are being installed .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  checks   sleep
truth:  checks   files

test:  run the theme with the given theme .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  add   stubbed
truth:  add   headers

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   containing
truth:  fragment   ip

test:  create a list of input tests .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  generate   carry
truth:  generate   test

test:  does the opposite of a nested sequence .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  get   reallocation
truth:  get   collection

test:  parses a matrix containing the 256 file into a list of headers .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  returns a dictionary that maps unique groups to their original mapping .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   learns
truth:  returns   seqs

test:  helper method to lock a file .
truth: lock file . 
test:  lock   labeled
truth:  lock   file

test:  generate a calculate .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns coverage grid for an instance of the image .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  returns   parameterize
truth:  returns   integers

test:  adds a suffix to toc toc .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the home directory for a user .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   leave
truth:  setup   switch

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   markdown
truth:  lists   vlan

test:  gets the first text type .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return a composite transform of two keys .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  add an element to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  sort given dict of keys .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  removes a default widget type from a default value .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes the index of a given python object .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  return   describing
truth:  return   listener

test:  compare two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  look for the key in the registry .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  direct the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   decoding
truth:  direct   lists

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  move item onto configurable .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  wait until a function calls to timeouts .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   interprets
truth:  call   intervals

test:  unpack any nth lines .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   optdict
truth:  unpack   lines

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  validate and basic validator functions .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  wrap   borrowed
truth:  wrap   instances

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  to exit the specified host system in maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  take   preloading
truth:  take   host

test:  return a suitable length of n .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  returns   finished
truth:  returns   fraction

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content/leaf nodes contained within a topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  generate a set of points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  creates a c :class:cupy .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   act
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the simplified loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns tag data from a tag .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  converts any results in a dictionary to a python dict .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  helper to yield recwarn .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change tablespace and port on a specific user .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   performs
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for add a minimium group id .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  deal   overrides
truth:  deal   channel

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get the working directory for the given locale .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  remove a song .
truth: get streams . 
test:  get   establishes
truth:  get   streams

test:  convert a long int coordinates to human readable unit .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   heres
truth:  convert   frequency

test:  require a system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  compute the desired types of types .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  check   autoreleased
truth:  check   types

test:  check whether a database is complete .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  calculate cumulative cumulative distribution function from a test distribution .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  function   ban
truth:  function   probability

test:  return true if the given language is used to realize a python language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  sending message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  create a new request for the oauth2 request .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   tweak
truth:  returns   replacement

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  creates user information .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   allocate
truth:  format   user

test:  perform a url like url endpoints .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  canonicalize   access
truth:  canonicalize   url

test:  private lowdata command for creating erfa .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a device path is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  validates that the given key names of a list of optional key names .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   urlencode
truth:  validate   item

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter hfa rfa: .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  provide   forbid
truth:  provide   options

test:  given a "host:port" string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  validates   stream
truth:  validates   returns

test:  restart the zone for the specified zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   start
truth:  boot   zone

test:  construct a json compatible graph .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  load   aliased
truth:  load   json

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   bench
truth:  escapes   value

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   hostname
truth:  get   vm

test:  return a polynomial in x_j part of f in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  get single doctype .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   gunicorn
truth:  return   frappe

test:  get a path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  simple way to check if the address is very talk to the int .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  show the contents of a post file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  true if a special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add two dicts to a single page .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   tsv
truth:  adds   components

test:  provide the canonical html path .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  map   define
truth:  map   path

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   dataframe
truth:  scan   comments

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   executed
truth:  dispatches   dictionary

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where where where where where where where packages are found .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  return a numpy array with the same shape and x .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the value .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  install zfs on a task .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  create a new monit .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  create a deconstructs class which uses the default implementation .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   carry
truth:  function   test

test:  returns true if the given flash messages is a valid ip .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  new web form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates local sql server pattern .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  generate correct types for types and typeconstraints .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  return the default zone name .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  print   skips
truth:  print   connections

test:  computes the time between two reduced .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  convert etree element into a size of old-style subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   uncheck
truth:  converts   element

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   mounted
truth:  read   end

test:  upload tarball .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   clones
truth:  upload   server

test:  test a timedelta .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert a numeric ip address to a python value .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  fetch a refs to the refs .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   mounts
truth:  fetch   objects

test:  skirt the fill file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  checks if the given file is not installed with the given code .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   acquires
truth:  check   pep8

test:  get cpu_time() rank of the given virtual machine .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   annoy
truth:  get   rank

test:  get a list of files based on the data .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  plots a sequence of underride .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  cast an integer to an integer .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   archive
truth:  convert   member

test:  split variable .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  reshapes   simulating
truth:  reshapes   input

test:  wrapper for timing terms for pause-download-on-pp .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  used to destroy a session .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  destroy   command
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns a list of all named nodes .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  generate a url to glance .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  returns scalar elements from readline items .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts an image into a network input .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  mean   pulls
truth:  mean   null

test:  ensures that most appropriate python interpreter are complete .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  completes   bartels
truth:  completes   contents

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the result count for callers .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  get and display the text for resources of resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  fetch   bans
truth:  fetch   resources

test:  helper function to switch host and quote a oauth request .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  test the gpu result is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from strings .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  try to split a private key into a server .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  try   multiply
truth:  try   paramiko

test:  returns a set of system roles that can be used as the resources .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   grouping
truth:  retrieve   system

test:  return true iff "text" appears to a number .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  filter   reverts
truth:  filter   age

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  checks that the current user is runs .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  tries   astring
truth:  tries   route

test:  generates a random pattern from the input individuals .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  returns true if csv is valid csv stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  create and parse the db .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  add git support to a git support .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  resolves   unparsing
truth:  resolves   git

test:  class decorator that skips a class with a function .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   writing
truth:  test   ironpython

test:  internal helper function to define a llvm function for atomic malicious .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   reported
truth:  define   function

test:  sets a key in memcache and a memcache mapping .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  run the bio timeout .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of parsed zone names .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   drawing
truth:  return   tags

test:  test missing required argument for missing .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  creates a string for caching nodes .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  based   base64encodes
truth:  based   djangos

test:  converts to ascii .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  return   logarithmic
truth:  return   slug

test:  calculate the rabbitmq rabbitmq queue in a certain number .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  fetch a remote mercurial repository from the current revision .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   pending
truth:  fetch   default

test:  callback for third_party_auth .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  log   inf
truth:  log   download

test:  logout from a stream .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  testing   flip
truth:  testing   python

test:  returns a path to the users system .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get the point value for a point in most non-singleton .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   named
truth:  get   z

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  downgrade assets db to the new cases that is used in studio .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  folding an input image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  reset to a movie audio instance .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns a objects listing the page if its active page .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  inject and update tags .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  injects   label
truth:  injects   custom

test:  make sure that no output is raised if not found .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  missing   coupling
truth:  missing   target

test:  merges a docstring into one docstring .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  update the named service .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  config   deflate
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether caller has an active role .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the rules of the current linux distribution .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  determine if the path is a regular expression .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  subroutine to create a double frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   goes
truth:  create   frames

test:  given a view class .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  retrieve quotas for a given user .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  sets the sess .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   finished
truth:  set   fraction

test:  check that a document is equal to the first two buildout .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  append   physicists
truth:  append   suffix

test:  some groups .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  unique_everseen -> iterator get the default elements of an iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  get the size of the given object .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a if a if a if nodes is true in a list .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  returns either a django name or a string .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   hover
truth:  convert   bytes

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  create new textual filter .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   constrained
truth:  create   functions

test:  reload the given command .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  pulls   determine
truth:  pulls   projects

test:  terminals aggregator of the null equation .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns message id for display .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the current backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  backend   tear
truth:  backend   module

test:  returns a list of images .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  determines   print
truth:  determines   approximation

test:  removes the container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  return the keys for the key in order of the salt .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   limiting
truth:  get   order

test:  collects a number from a phone number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  traverses profile id to get profile id .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  fetch   search
truth:  fetch   d

test:  nice -> string return a list of the words in the sequence .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  join   gauss
truth:  join   strings

test:  checks the limit of documents is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   sqlmap
truth:  checks   limit

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  parse a files in the current hosts tree .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   db
truth:  set   annotation

test:  cleverer risch differential equation - re-activate install a single factorization .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   read
truth:  run   variance

test:  helper for the common case return a unique temporary path to the symbol string .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  supplied   pulls
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to restrict too to forward sub-expressions to a stc space using a stc object .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  restrict   looking
truth:  restrict   operator

test:  run the local traffic server .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  create addon and the application instance for the given addon and the vm .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  create   addon

test:  normalize the windows operator to the beginning of the matrix .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   called
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  construct a resource from the given doc instance .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieves   eliminating
truth:  retrieves   cache

test:  return the float value of a .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  parse   based
truth:  parse   address

test:  renders the given template and fires it with the given args .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  search for a given index type in the system .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  create all available images .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  sort mapping of the mapping number of inversions .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  helper to check if a ufunc can be created between 2 .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  pulls   callback
truth:  pulls   variant

test:  api endpoint for deleting 'videodownload' .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test my_ips with edf for .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  set dns absolute path to a package .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  return a list of project names .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  check whether conda period and end of a range .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  return   standardises
truth:  return   period

test:  get error gateway .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   dos
truth:  error   search

test:  return the storage repository to hold vm images .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  return   repository

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency in it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  does   list
truth:  does   dependency

test:  add intersections from loops .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  check for the existence of a single target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   forgets
truth:  unmount   filesystem

test:  convert a url into a dict .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  takes   access
truth:  takes   url

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   lets
truth:  encoding   handler

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   knapsack
truth:  raise   request

test:  checks if the given shell is a shell or a number .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  updates viewpoint metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  return a list of available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  add val .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  dispatches   reported
truth:  dispatches   function

test:  extract a single argument from a map of text .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  return the orbits for the redundant instance from a bsgs object .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  want to pass it through the given html .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  print   fitnesse
truth:  print   events

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a graph with free steps for a given number of loops .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  test if filepath is a hidden file .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  print a list of tuples .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  find the cover of a container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  print a list of notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   solve
truth:  print   settings

test:  a convenience function for verifies the facet tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  format the given password .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  pass   instantiate
truth:  pass   arguments

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns the schema models for the given namespace .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  generate an action token using the given action .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise a resource class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library list object .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   wheather
truth:  get   library

test:  given a list of worklist .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  given   coupling
truth:  given   target

test:  return a client object for the metadata server .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  grab   revoked
truth:  grab   details

test:  get the loop from the loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   recognize
truth:  get   centers

test:  check if string at the end of the string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  test of docker per per ip addresses .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   resulting
truth:  disable   workers

test:  returns a list of all namespaces from the system namespaces .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  provide   makes
truth:  provide   namespaces

test:  fetches all of the students which have due date in studio .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  display   bring
truth:  display   page

test:  the linear inequality constraint ieqcons .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  get absolute path to sys .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   executed
truth:  increments   dictionary

test:  returns file or return value for a given file descriptor .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  return   parsefile
truth:  return   descriptor

test:  show all available details cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  update the source with the given path .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   consisting
truth:  update   link

test:  runs a python module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  display a mpl message .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   shared
truth:  display   string

test:  check .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return a list of paths matching the most useful for the given controller .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  transform the specified >> buffer to its children .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  go   review
truth:  go   keys

test:  make a testcase for tests to custom tests .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   turn
truth:  create   case

test:  return true if the given statement is an empty body .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add a file handler to the list of components .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  resolve the specified connection to the database .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   enhanced
truth:  instantiate   object

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   added
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  intersect to a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  test that the file exists .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  writeable lock a file object using flock(2) .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  we go to check the locale and make a new user vote from fixtures .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  get actively changes objects for a file .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  walk   regressiont
truth:  walk   index

test:  return the list of samples for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  embed an album into an album dipole extracts the items into the items .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  returns the name of the binary were running in sys .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  grab   stores
truth:  grab   name

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  complete the list of rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   switch
truth:  complete   list

test:  performs a mesh vector of an adjacency matrix .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  safely compute ceil(float_division) .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  return a list of the string .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  see if the details of a file for the given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   r^2
truth:  build   form

test:  convert a text to a url-safe string .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  convert   custom

test:  create a general plot from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   mutate
truth:  create   column

test:  given a rule name targets .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  add   insert
truth:  add   targets

test:  returns an absolute uri .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   trimmed
truth:  build   uri

test:  gets the specified ports port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  helper function to ignore errors that are not put an exception raised if the exceptions ends in the tb .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  check   capturing
truth:  check   error

test:  initialize the history .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  finds the current shell command line for the given purposes .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a handler for sigint .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   recompose
truth:  get   carve

test:  helper function for 404s which asserts that the specified formatter .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  solves   small_stmts
truth:  solves   line

test:  request for all certificates generated certificates generated by the course .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  field_id : intconstant : .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return the corresponding context for a given variable .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  modify   colorized
truth:  modify   context

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   plan
truth:  test   profile

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   target_expressing
truth:  delete   question

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert loc vector to eeg matrix .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  capture a responder response .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   spawns
truth:  select   endpoint

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  send translations .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  append   gunicorn
truth:  append   frappe

test:  return the configuration directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  construct a dictionary of valid qos specs .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  given   aligns
truth:  given   volume

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  recursively solve the first element in the iterable if its an iterable .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  t loglikelihood given observations and mean .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  generate internal random string of "length" characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   stores
truth:  generates   name

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend before running a test .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  test whether a string is a valid url .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  prevent   pulls
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  returns link-local solicited-node multicast address for given address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  get whether the user is naive .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  convert integer to exact integers .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  find   linkify
truth:  find   integer

test:  get the value from the location .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given a dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   wheather
truth:  create   library

test:  get the access flags value from the given string .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  transform   translates
truth:  transform   flags

test:  show the gluster xml to run in the system xml .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  perform   authorizes
truth:  perform   command

test:  like dict_to .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  computes the spectral flux targets between x and targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  check if the files are present in the same sep .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  send an email address that uses a twitter user .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   enrolls
truth:  send   destination

test:  converts a unix timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  is   suppresses
truth:  is   seconds

test:  run a test suite .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  runs   compiles
truth:  runs   suite

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  only load this module if the psutil python module is loaded .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   imap
truth:  load   repos

test:  the confidence interval of the linear activation function .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  pulls   input_fft_v
truth:  pulls   normalization

test:  returns the zookeeper locations string .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  compute the node boundary for nodes .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  test with and fit mqtt mean .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  return the allowed formats for the user .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return true if the given field is an errors of the configuration error .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  like dict .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  like   crack
truth:  like   _

test:  sends a message .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  same as djangos email address .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return the default float type for a given type .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the sync date for the first wsgi application .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  makes sure that the function returns none .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  checks to see if all the white devices are all .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  generate a student of students generated by students generated certificates .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  if holiday falls on next weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate an apache query for a given query .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   bench
truth:  generate   value

test:  checks that the currently on this chunk of a each validator has been gathered .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  check   initialized
truth:  check   notification

test:  temporarily suppress a stdout .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  given an artist dictionary .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  give   switch
truth:  give   list

test:  send a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  return if we are arraylike arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  return whether running system is running on a system .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   flip
truth:  returns   python

test:  uses the system command to perform a system .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return a dictionary of the objects attrs .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a sane implementation of issubclass .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  is   safe_octal
truth:  is   class

test:  get information about a specific monitor cli example: .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  entry point for an interactive interpreter .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  construct   session

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   unparsing
truth:  write   git

test:  generate an instance of a fits file .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  tell tell logging .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  tell   pulls
truth:  tell   null

test:  poll until a specific predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   suppresses
truth:  wait   seconds

test:  create the provided properties properties for the given instance .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete content type search for an elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via macports .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  return true if the provided node is a valid booting .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  setup the email component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  check if the given function is subclass .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  yaml: mask-passwords hide centrally version number .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  extract integer version number from a new migration .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a simple socket to receive a list of paths .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger name .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   define
truth:  validate   path

test:  states states for installation .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return version of pysqlite cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  write a fake ring flavors to the given _version .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   increase
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  parses crc .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  matches   pulls
truth:  matches   null

test:  helper method to convert a keras tensor to a numpy dtype .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  square   intialize
truth:  square   root

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  create a virtual machine on the instance .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian matrix in for 3x3 3x3 about a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  computes   file
truth:  computes   rotation

test:  stochastic relative strength index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the branch setting for the given request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   branch

test:  consume advance the iterator of the 1) line .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  consume   pulls
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json string .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  coerce   yield
truth:  coerce   bool

test:  a predicate function of the input .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  blocking   raises
truth:  blocking   send

test:  given a thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  pulls   mignotte
truth:  pulls   things

test:  takes text containing tidy fragment and turns it into a string .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  pulls   gzip
truth:  pulls   markup

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   capa
truth:  generate   circle

test:  check if a process with the given pid exists else the process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  check   snaps
truth:  check   pid

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a storage instance of the given class .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  loads and commits the configuration provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  installs   forwards
truth:  installs   image

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get the full path to bootstrap .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   forgot
truth:  bootstrap   project

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  get the memcache options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   smash
truth:  compute   corner

test:  executes a function via non-localized .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  pulls   rolls
truth:  pulls   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  download a set of file .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  given a beets query string .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  make a template class for attribute *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   safe_octal
truth:  make   class

test:  checks if the given project is a template filename .
truth: test if . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add an user object to an object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  register a new result type .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the default yarncluster .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  sets modified timestamp on the objects at the given .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sets   enhanced
truth:  sets   object

test:  extract snmp and s%- .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  retrieve   pending
truth:  retrieve   default

test:  find an existing plugin using dictionary .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  associate   enhanced
truth:  associate   object

test:  make a simple login reports for all pep8 reports under the root .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  find a file in the provided filesystem .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  looks   wanted
truth:  looks   filename

test:  convert a tuple to a bytestring .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   gauss
truth:  converts   strings

test:  return the major and minor string from a python tuple .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  return the attribute of an infinite object .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert zero order to a tuple of integers .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  divide   packed
truth:  divide   chunks

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  inverse of the dictionary options to include for html .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  emit   forbid
truth:  emit   options

test:  connect to a server and create a socket .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  a factory function that is called to pass to positional arguments .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  enables   roundrobin
truth:  enables   application

test:  get event list on media list items the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  return the line number of the line number of the line number .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  delete a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   stops
truth:  delete   topic

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  decorator to check that a function is a decorator for api functions used as a test .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute the homogeneity and pred for an array of homogeneity .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  definition : type | field_type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  appends sp_password to the end of the payload in a given payload requirement: * mysql 4 .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  determine which allows us to call a complex loop .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  formats a time in seconds since the epoch as a string .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  adapted   pulls
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   resulting
truth:  get   workers

test:  attempts to find the prefix for a tar file .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  apply   default
truth:  apply   part

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision vector is positive-definite .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   cleaning
truth:  check   matrix

test:  update the server info .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generate   populating
truth:  generate   info

test:  helper function to find coordinates in a r-style color space .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  returns a m x minus a vector field n .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  given   parameterize
truth:  given   integers

test:  a view for setting the technical error handler .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  make sure that the given message is set to context .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the default group type .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  sends an email address sending it to our confirmation .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   enumerator_list
truth:  send   confirmation

test:  create an unused template .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  adds   utf-8
truth:  adds   argument

test:  returns boolean array use in mandlebrot .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  makes proxy environment variables for environment variables e .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  reads all images in a given folder .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   indicating
truth:  reads   images

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  convert a file into a path .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  decode and stores a default template template into a new instance of the default community loop and aggregate more than to be written .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  build   derive
truth:  build   templates

test:  load named entry from file .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  test if task is an ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  determine   fake
truth:  determine   load

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  return iterator over a single response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  raises an exception if the given activity type .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  able to deploying the username for processing .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  authenticates   allocate
truth:  authenticates   user

test:  returns the base type for a given name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns the environment used on the device .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  extracts all the flags from a future .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  return   translates
truth:  return   flags

test:  check if object looks like a python object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this check requires roundtrip to check if roundtrip is a valid course we dont exist and tries to check if a course is not into a valid roundtrip .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get objects where the group with key associated values .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  test tuples of tuples .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  actually return the resolver .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  arg   dtype
truth:  arg   arg

test:  cache the output of a disk image .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  caching   maps
truth:  caching   locations

test:  print all the themes files in the path - this function is assumed to the same name .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  retrieve all the results for a process id from the debug dir .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  combine redundant result to amount .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  convert   rising
truth:  convert   group

test:  run a valid administrator list of credentials .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  repeat a 2d tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   eliminates
truth:  repeat   elements

test:  return the package owners .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  determine   simplifies
truth:  determine   packages

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  parse the server/portal restart status .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   clones
truth:  parse   server

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   pulls
truth:  notify   null

test:  append the given text to the console of a sequence of text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   supports
truth:  append   text

test:  get the version of the currently installed version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  get the clsid value for the given clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  read a standard header .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  formats a time using babels locale settings .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   disables
truth:  formats   datetime

test:  plist : plist | plist | plist | plist | plist times plist | plist divide plist | plist .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  return   flow
truth:  return   fields

test:  reset the specified warnings .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   pulls
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the full url for the given environ this resolves up the like environ .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate the random filename name of the provided file .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  install a package with apt-get .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  mark   work
truth:  mark   install

test:  gets an array of tensors .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  verify that the given key matches the private key .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   shared
truth:  verifies   string

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is associated with the current session .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   restrict
truth:  coerce   array

test:  helper to close a file descriptor asynchronously .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  run a series of args .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  show   offset
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator to make sure only once if the array is called .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  converts a boolean tree representation to a stream of the special characters .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  match a boolean string in the series/index using indicated dimensional .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   decide
truth:  find   groups

test:  generate absolute test as already exists .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  generate   speed

test:  returns the display filter definition by the current user .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  load the compiler config file into a all-around library .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  load an object from the file in filename .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to not the regular progression .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drops   shutdown
truth:  drops   tables

test:  reads the post folder .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  page rendered with many parameters .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   storing
truth:  rendered   template

test:  return the applet generated from the input data .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   bench
truth:  extracts   value

test:  approximate the sample data .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  visualize   declared
truth:  visualize   samples

test:  return true if the user is a contributor user .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return the length of the matrix whose newline has any bit value .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  reverse the untrusted untrusted object .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the size of facet .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns html with the given name .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  return the current c{set} class object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  decorator for checks the decorated function .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  wait for a lock to become available .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  pulls   constructs
truth:  pulls   lock

test:  generates a dict of registering of the first m of the current frame for the given qt .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  only create a unique extension from the given queue .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   shed
truth:  given   exception

test:  return if a project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  raise a valueerror if it fails .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  implmented a neighbor or group of rules .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  convert a path such that it into an os-dependent path .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   wanted
truth:  convert   filename

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  initialize the cli line and high level flattened .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  used   config_modified
truth:  used   imports

test:  delete the login key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the binary xor of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  multiplies two matrices .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  make   initalize
truth:  make   k

test:  get ports and find ports ids from use .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  get   responds
truth:  get   database

test:  set the default colormap to sci .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   forwards
truth:  set   image

test:  validate the password for integrity .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   been
truth:  validate   format

test:  convert obj .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return the most recently play on a system .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  returns   trailing
truth:  returns   flag

test:  get one or more type objects .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  generator for non-admin configurations .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  removes markdown content of markdown text .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescapes   supports
truth:  unescapes   text

test:  check the string where the first child of a tree in the tree .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  enforce   test
truth:  enforce   split

test:  returns two defined whitespace .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  compute image product for a list of image tuples .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test the behavior of requirements .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  write a file in csv format and write the bytes in csv .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  identify   cutting
truth:  identify   writer

test:  test that the datasheet functions before overriding from the binary and that it is not a valid interval .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure that the output contains json encoded .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate an approximate uniform order statistic in a sphere order .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  pulls   attached
truth:  pulls   statistic

test:  adds two mappings .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  add   shifted
truth:  add   units

test:  splits an array into multiple pieces .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   restrict
truth:  split   array

test:  decode unicode .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  like   reported
truth:  like   function

test:  get the first global tables of an existing tables this utility function works .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator used to insert a decorator record at a given content or a decorator .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  classify confusion matrix @todo: returns the output of a given document .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  strip markdown characters .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  render   pass
truth:  render   document

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  execute the depth evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  the http response has a default scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  loads one or more paths into a target dictionary .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  calls into the most circumstances for the some websocket .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   request
truth:  log   control

test:  use this function to set the current datacenter id .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  enables   emit
truth:  enables   access

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  takes   executed
truth:  takes   dictionary

test:  test plotting .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   decorating
truth:  test   log

test:  multiply the given block stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   pulls
truth:  fix   null

test:  tests whether the printer structure can be loaded .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  output   parsed
truth:  output   widgets

test:  runs http command via the sub command .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   barcodes
truth:  run   http

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  pads a number of block_size data to a block of block_size .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  apply   visit
truth:  apply   padding

test:  get the maximum string tag tag for two buffer .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  yield func for routes not just a helper function .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   undoes
truth:  return   routes

test:  expand an integer to a base36 .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   providing
truth:  returns   tensor

test:  creates an atom for the given service .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  processes   access
truth:  processes   url

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute of the mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   evaluate
truth:  return   clip

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate all example directories .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  return a file path relative to the file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  create lag port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  open file with given mode .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   removes
truth:  open   gzip

test:  modifies the standard deviation of the standard deviation of the current image .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   tear
truth:  doctest   module

test:  list own own own own .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   centers
truth:  extract   labels

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return the info for the specified output .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the given members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  a decorator that marks the sym for use with the given server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns an element with the tree to the last xml element .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   optdict
truth:  add   lines

test:  helper function for unpickling types .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  predicate   remounts
truth:  predicate   obj

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  get the spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure we dont crash if an sampling of positive sampling .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  input   injects
truth:  input   utility

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  load a movie from a movie specification .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   assemble
truth:  load   movie

test:  return the shortcut associated with a shortcut .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  attempt to simplify a command and returns a command .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  add the given number of space characters to the beginning of every non-blank line in string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   reported
truth:  indent   function

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  add given tenant to tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  returns a list of zpool .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  provide   undo
truth:  provide   grains

test:  assigns the current tidy to a resource .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   enhanced
truth:  release   object

test:  convenience function to get the current user for a dictionary of the form: {username : password} .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the camera platform .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  delete an attribute record .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   bench
truth:  delete   value

test:  edit source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  change   translates
truth:  change   flags

test:  return the version of the named package(s) version .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  unserialize post/put data of a specified content-type .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  add   surrounding
truth:  add   processor

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   looping
truth:  require   node

test:  checks whether the input algorithm uses a elliptic .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a fixed .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a string containing the binary for a bunch of bytes .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  check if the origins contains either cors or trailing entries .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  load an image from file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  returns the name of the script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns the fallback configuration value .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  generate a random token .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   guvectorize
truth:  generates   oauth

test:  this handler from another ports with duplicate rather than it .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  pulls   coupling
truth:  pulls   target

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   access
truth:  escape   url

test:  a decorator to save a function to stdout .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns a single vector field for the number of items .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  pulls   restore
truth:  pulls   cdf

test:  returns a multi-dimensional structure with the given grey function .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  iterate   homebrew_packages
truth:  iterate   structure

test:  get the rst rst .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  same as a[b] = a .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs the given data .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return all lines of a line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  gets the size of the field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  extract   sparks
truth:  extract   number

test:  send information about the request .
truth: index handler . 
test:  index   lets
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  compute a matrix multiplication using a measurement function .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  solve   estimates
truth:  solve   squares

test:  decorator to make a function cache if the default user has been added to define a function user .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  set location of the password option .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   transliterate
truth:  sets   variable

test:  returns a dictionary consisting of the keys in a dictionary .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   svn
truth:  merge   dicts

test:  check if user exists return if a new user was created or if the tenant was newly assigned to the user for the tenant .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  return dataset api cli example: .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  cast x to none .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  list principal policies from the system .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   isolate
truth:  list   policies

test:  returns either the given users .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get a list of keywords for which possible keywords are found or which we back to be found .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  retrieve   results
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  returns a hash for the given comment field .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  is the index of a tensor .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  running   flip
truth:  running   python

test:  check if a filename is a rar file .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return the current python version .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  create a landing and return all data for the current gtk .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  is   presents
truth:  is   mapping

test:  routing area update reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic approximation to a set of values .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  pulls   believe
truth:  pulls   spline

test:  creates a new decorator for a type of arguments .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  lists a change from a main review server .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  apply   sleep
truth:  apply   files

test:  export csv file .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   storing
truth:  export   template

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  return true if the service is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  list   uploading
truth:  list   job

test:  install the cmd application id .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   search
truth:  install   d

test:  get current logical report .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get reference to show show name for nvp cluster .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gather all elements of a sequence which point-wise the text in only one .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  visit   looping
truth:  visit   node

test:  create a new parameter to be used in a sequence of tuple: functions .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes and trailing whitespace from a text .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  clean   comma
truth:  clean   whitespace

test:  get the inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  convert a dns value to true .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   process_memory_map
truth:  test   buffers

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  initializes and init a db .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initializes   responds
truth:  initializes   database

test:  return the configured ssh gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  magic scaling and associated with a figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  get   localize
truth:  get   reference

test:  return a simple tool class instance for redis .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  detects labels in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  creates a protobuf instance from a any :setting:task_annotations .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  analyzes the document arguments: tex_root -- the path to the tex root as a string if you use the view instead .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  resource header for guided use in xblock_field_name .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  perform a copy of two images .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  check for missing .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  deserialize any pickleable structure and sign it using the secret .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  deserialize   bench
truth:  deserialize   value

test:  create an empty media list object .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  return a list of the loaded module names on the system .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  ensure that the file:// line is called in the first column of this file .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which include errors .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  function   unbinds
truth:  function   exceptions

test:  check that privileges are valid .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   theorem
truth:  validate   privileges

test:  add variables to a dictionary .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  outputs   generating
truth:  outputs   shell

test:  starts the total status .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  quit   equate
truth:  quit   browser

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  initialize a sigmoid sigmoid process .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  ensures that the process is not present in the process tree .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate one key-value pair in a dataset .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   reallocation
truth:  creates   collection

test:  parses an http 1 date format into a datetime object .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 k .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   evacuate
truth:  computes   precision

test:  check yens parameter name and tag .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  resolves   whitelisted
truth:  resolves   repo

test:  tests whether the original is complete have complete .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  derive the contents of the control http page .
truth: process one link . 
test:  process   consisting
truth:  process   link

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  interface to git-checkout(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to add to the current branch .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  print the alias of a given alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   generating
truth:  prints   shell

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using a finder version .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that latex_to_png_mpl function works .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  utility function that checks to see if the given header is a string of the given header .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  detect   assume
truth:  detect   header

test:  converts the integer types of ints to a method .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  calculates histogram of two images .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  extract the alignment alignment from the alignment to a string .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a version of hg .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  removes the cached info from the directory and removing any keyword arguments .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  runs a wsgi function as an scgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   reported
truth:  runs   function

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  test that the same header among the gui .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  extracts the current http login from the given http response .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  converts a message to a topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  get a local user structure with the given user_id .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  format the master function to export and return a dataset which can be a dictionary of master .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  pulls   works
truth:  pulls   selection

test:  merge two dict d1 .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merges   leaves
truth:  merges   dictionaries

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  test we can download datasets .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  do the actual removal of back to senderkey senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   login_required
truth:  do   removal

test:  logs a user for authorization .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  deal with proj changed .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  deal   called
truth:  deal   proj

test:  reset the cached conf attempts to make it attempts to defaults .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   empty
truth:  reset   attempts

test:  returns the path to the s3cache directory of the cache or the win32 file .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  helper to return subjects_dir for a directory in subjects_dir subject directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a hash with the given number of value *val* .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  frees a list of audio output available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  helper function to run a mac server .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  update task import .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  a decorator that enables exception_class .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  given   fixes
truth:  given   manager

test:  return the time but the entry point to replace entry at entry .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  function   inform
truth:  function   entry

test:  convert dotted ipv4 address to integer .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  function   zdt3
truth:  function   converts

test:  get inline features from csp .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start the http server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  benchmark the number of estimator .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  run   rounds
truth:  run   benchmark

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   made
truth:  put   authors

test:  check that rvs not include discrete variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   guess
truth:  check   vars

test:  set the current localectl command .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  use   authorizes
truth:  use   command

test:  casts serializer for getting types .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  determines   bootstraps
truth:  determines   callable

test:  checks the account on the default type of the checks .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   hash
truth:  checks   flow

test:  pass a single file from a path .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  test mne io .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   emulates
truth:  test   reading

test:  decorator that wraps a method to display a domain object .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  delete an exception class from a blob .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  test instruction raised by canonical values .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  get an entry from a resource from a resource api .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  detect   teardown
truth:  detect   type

test:  lists all zones .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   resamples
truth:  lists   zones

test:  encode missing object missing code missing .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  examples x values tcp be shared variable .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  revert exact removal to a field in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  checks barcodes of same fields for valid dna header after description fields cannot be found .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  generator for all permutations of sequence objects in sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   tz_localize
truth:  yield   seq

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  view function which redirects to add an email address .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  normalizes a string to the following form: * mysql .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   simulating
truth:  normalize   input

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   video

test:  checks whether a portage version of a package is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  config file for a single channel .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  create the pid pid .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return a base64 encoded string .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  visualize   batch
truth:  visualize   code

test:  generate code based on release/version bytes .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  detects   pulls
truth:  detects   null

test:  example kernel .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   spyders
truth:  get   scheme

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  looks   fires
truth:  looks   mdata

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  perform the upgrade of an upgrade .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  upgrade   pulls
truth:  upgrade   null

test:  only work on windows .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  creates two state with two state and train a dummy dataset .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  calls the options with a complete system url .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensures master to a scheduled scheduled function is slaveof host and the master value of master to apply to the master .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  add the utm_* tracking result to a url .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  get layers layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  waits for a system to become poll or warning if no timeout is specified .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  blocks   wake
truth:  blocks   msg

test:  returns the ansi escape .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  colorize   randomise
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  load project object from file .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   raising
truth:  load   docker

test:  make matched text number .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  returns a dict with the filenames for a filename .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  return an iterative rule object with the specified name and contents .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   label
truth:  formatting   custom

test:  return true if the given node has a work on the node .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   flattens
truth:  return   output

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns true if promo is a datetime .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  print out the encoded datum .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  callback for ctrl-c .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a group type specs .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  parse the full cluster list verbose into a cluster .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  return   joins
truth:  return   cluster

test:  list installed perl modules .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  mark a task as a task for a given host/time .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   mount
truth:  wait   task

test:  be a string after stretching or unicode character references .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  save a list of tuples to disk .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   forwards
truth:  save   image

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  strip a strftime .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong wrong type of object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run a cap command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  handler to replace the stack data and return a warning object .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  formats a dictionary of pipeline .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  format   loads
truth:  format   changes

test:  parses a votable_ match .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  it should extract lines from the tags .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the escaped distribution seqs to and return the image .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  checks   identify
truth:  checks   alignment

test:  detect if slugify is an absolute string .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  retrieves the old document from the supplied resource .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  sgi image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  stops service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  set proxy configuration facts if not already present in facts dict dict: args: facts : existing facts returns: facts : existing facts .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   object
truth:  set   facts

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   downloading
truth:  declare   package

test:  check if a process with the given pid is running under .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  gets info about students search and from current user .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  displaying   understemmed
truth:  displaying   results

test:  test to make sure that the html column column passed in columns would use the values passed to a column if values are not passed in booleans .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  redirect   replace
truth:  redirect   create

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the number of sizeof units from a f-test to fit .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return the path to the job file .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a decorator for methods whose methods are stored in a class .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns taxa table assumed assumed for each file in the given sample .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  return a file or a url that can be used on a given resource or a given resource .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  yield   labeled
truth:  yield   file

test:  get a server description from a grr path .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  load   encapsulate
truth:  load   instance

test:  a context manager which launches the target with a given sys .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  convert   capturing
truth:  convert   error

test:  returns a list of the given auth type .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   link
truth:  find   factory

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  try   unparsing
truth:  try   git

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  majority a private key to private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  try to retrieve a remote proxies .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  test to ensure overriding functions get translated values for a issue input .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   debugging
truth:  convert   dataset

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  ensure that any associated units are updated or deleted .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  update   translates
truth:  update   flags

test:  makes a response from an application .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update objects with name .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   tile
truth:  update   information

test:  direct_declarator : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  return a string representation of a relative url .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  extract the current volume info .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  you should print a set of parameters and optionally work in the compiled environment variables .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  run a shell command .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  get the list of availability ids from the given region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  retrieve   relabel
truth:  retrieve   availability

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  square-free part of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  try to rebuild a package call this function via pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   instantiate
truth:  return   arguments

test:  helper method for scrolled endpoints .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  list   unmap
truth:  list   descriptors

test:  returns a dictionary with the name of the enumerated name .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  decorator to mark a method as not a not a callback .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  compute an initial state zi for the steady distribution .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  filter   overriding
truth:  filter   dimension

test:  test the behavior of the named package(s) nesting .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  prints the header line of the given line .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  undo the maximum config argument .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   loads
truth:  undo   changes

test:  function for string constant .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  run the shell command in an argument .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  reads in a stream into a file object .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  look   barcodes
truth:  look   http

test:  quote single quotes .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   shared
truth:  wraps   string

test:  returns the symmetric density that contain the specified probability .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  format a safe string for a python object .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne clean_eog_ecg .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  runs the application .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  runs   initialize
truth:  runs   importer

test:  returns the system/os node .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  get an rrset or a dictionary with an api tag .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  returns   instanticates
truth:  returns   releases

test:  return contiguous true if the array has contiguous .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create and create an array .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  find a known file .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  return the leading degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  return all available lighting devices .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  compare versions of available versions .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compares   returned
truth:  compares   numbers

test:  estimate confidence interval for an array with column-ordered .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  start   decide
truth:  start   groups

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  returns   suppresses
truth:  returns   seconds

test:  returns the timeseries and number of the form a each type of the highest at the given number of dimensions .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  extracts only imap fields and last value from a tuple of parameters .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return the number of initial number .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   unpause
truth:  remove   elasticache

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  compute normalized hilbert transform of data .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  which is either a string or a subclass of the values in the bad order .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   caused
truth:  convert   return

test:  read a thrift x object from a file .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  validate the module .
truth: always load . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  adds a unique id to msg .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create or create a flavor record .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  apply to a certain hash .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  get current audio output output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  selects   tear
truth:  selects   module

test:  test installing a double hash using pip .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  raises an exception if s is not a string .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  given a project and a embed id .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  have   applying
truth:  have   placeholder

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  check if data is a text resource .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return a list of defined sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  returns integer rate of the levenshtein levenshtein as integer .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  reset the notifications used to make it easier to test the database .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  returns a boolean indicating if the graph is *exprs or the number of values that can be a *exprs .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  transform   minimize
truth:  transform   theano

test:  return the string representation of the given text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  return the inverse of the values of the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  return an mx list of trust certificates for the given certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  gzip encoded data -> gzip data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  detect decorator which uses the given function subtype for the given subtype .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   teardown
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  pulls   renew
truth:  pulls   indent

test:  returns all metadef namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  create a log record for each test case .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  make   broken
truth:  make   syslog

test:  returns the file at the specified location .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return the path to the ith build .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  sends mail mail with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  sends   maintain
truth:  sends   mail

test:  unload a tensor in the current sequence of values .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  turn string into rational simple script entry point .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  like djangos contains_nan .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  creates an sqlite3 connection from the postgres server .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  show the details from aliyun concerning a named vm .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  get   stderr
truth:  get   machine

test:  returns a prefix based on the result of a resource .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  create a log handler for eliot .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   trimmed
truth:  return   uri

test:  gets the parent context associated with liveaction .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  returns   fetches
truth:  returns   parent

test:  check if the model is a projection level .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the checksum for a package .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  gets the text that was detected in the image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   supports
truth:  gets   text

test:  usually the vm identified by portal .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  pulls   hostname
truth:  pulls   vm

test:  write the special html file for the given table .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   pinned_array
truth:  output   execution

test:  write a file to standard icons .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  append   enhance
truth:  append   items

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the moving series of nodes of the series views .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  return hosts and in-network name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get the spherical vector3 unit by degrees .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return dictionary with title rst details .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   advance
truth:  returns   title

test:  reads the filename from a file .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return a hashlib object corresponding to the unproxy objects .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  remove file .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  view a wiki document of documents .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  extract   contructs
truth:  extract   sample

test:  returns the cinder backup local volume .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   implementing
truth:  connect   management

test:  test bem gui .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  import all submodules and return them in a dict .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   rel_path
truth:  import   submodules

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   reported
truth:  expose   function

test:  return a sparse matrix with the accepted rows and the accumulated identifier .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  rows   track
truth:  rows   top

test:  read a text file and return its contents .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  reads   pulls
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  helper function to convert rst to html output .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  renders   digs
truth:  renders   html

test:  helper function to check if a function has a valid argument .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  checks   overlay
truth:  checks   func

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  read an ip address from binary form .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  create a png object for testing .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  coupling with a default input convolution .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   overrides
truth:  coupling   channel

test:  check if a file is a valid domain .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   added
truth:  returns   p

test:  mimics an account .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  yaml: tie this plug-in allows us to access a build build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment matrix .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  open a filename .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  reconstruct   usage_key_string
truth:  reconstruct   view

test:  set an environment variable .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  check the result of open a command .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  return slice slice of two arrays .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  remove   r^2
truth:  remove   form

test:  return boolean series of whether given pattern matches pattern .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  filter morphological noise .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  noise   saving
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an :musicbrainz:isrc .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  set up default stubs and fields for a setup .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   pads
truth:  setup   stubs

test:  generate a program for a texture app .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   pulls
truth:  draw   null

test:  test installing a package using pip install --target .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  expect   simplifies
truth:  expect   packages

test:  utility function to get a list of notes names .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  handle a requests user .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  simple callback that helps the service to have a status of a given service .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  view   polishing
truth:  view   celery

test:  get geometry output by paths .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  apply 2d filters for the specified query .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   printing
truth:  apply   locale

test:  download an archive for a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  expected improvement of samples over threshold .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  expected   rrmgr
truth:  expected   threshold

test:  write fiducials from a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  executes a test list of blank lines .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  send   mounted
truth:  send   end

test:  test info-showing .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   tile
truth:  test   information

test:  extract the launchpad configuration namespace from the registry .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   guessing
truth:  extract   namespace

test:  extract a relaxed distance from a relaxed point in the relaxed point .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  save line sensor .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  respond   assure
truth:  respond   challenge

test:  list of queue() and create a dataset .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  list   debugging
truth:  list   dataset

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string and is the corresponding unicode string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  add   shared
truth:  add   string

test:  returns the progress progress information about the named module .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  get   monkeypatches
truth:  get   bar

test:  uses get() to return none if the object does not exist or none .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  publish to an mqtt topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  builds the object spec object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  stop the file system on the partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> cli example: .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  removes   sparks
truth:  removes   number

test:  lists policies from a specified virtual host .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   isolate
truth:  return   policies

test:  set the system module if the kernel is installed .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  fake upload of the image .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   persist
truth:  fakes   upload

test:  returns integer n using exponent .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  pulls   pocsuite
truth:  pulls   n

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   alignment
truth:  extended   section

test:  find the optimal numbers in a 2d array .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  test permission_codename validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   plan
truth:  export   profile

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an explicit way .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  creates a dictionary consisting of missing tree .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  stop   encapsulate
truth:  stop   instance

test:  parse "{name}={value}" text references into a triple of ticket .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  return the local draft for a given user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  get   forwards
truth:  get   image

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  creates feeditems for the specified feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   urlencode
truth:  creates   item

test:  filter conf .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  pass   obj
truth:  pass   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  walk a directory and yield each full path .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  yield   unlocking
truth:  yield   source

test:  autocovariance function with noise steps and reduce a single forecast .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns the version of the python version .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the sonarr sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  rgb to slack color space conversion .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  helper method to traverse one or more untrusted data into a dict .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   switch
truth:  traverse   list

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   customized
truth:  create   salt

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write all registered xmoduledescriptor js and coffee files .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   receiving
truth:  write   js

test:  write ids to zabbix .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  convert a dictionary of paths to a single space .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  is   pending
truth:  is   default

test:  reload the csf configuration cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  restart   embedded
truth:  restart   example

test:  we have to update email .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generates url for a binary data from the given www-authenticate .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   declared
truth:  generate   samples

test:  will parse the output file .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  pulls   dst
truth:  pulls   c

test:  extracts messages from a message without a message .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  return a random port number that can available port .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  get   receives
truth:  get   port

test:  logs the user out .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logout   lets
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read the length bytes from the given filename and return the offset .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  return a list of two lists of strings in the system .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clone a vdi by namespace .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generate an hotp .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flatten a nested sequence of objects .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds an state token .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  composes   bench
truth:  composes   value

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  take a given service and connect to the correct service .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  returns the list of dicts in the list .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  is it debian? .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   retweet
truth:  return   pass

test:  helper to checks that the given version is a string .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  remove approval statements from a dict .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   optdict
truth:  filter   lines

test:  make a link with color colors .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  n344 - use mutable instead of mutable .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   generate
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this process and the call queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  dot product of encoded code .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  render   publish
truth:  render   graph

test:  create a new database session .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  escapes a string for use in a copy of the string s .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  remove   small_stmts
truth:  remove   line

test:  make sure the user dont use to fix a valid significant significant warning .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   thinks
truth:  check   issue

test:  generate lists of systemd command based on the target in effect .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  generate   small_stmts
truth:  generate   line

test:  returns the given text as a string .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function returns the result of the block if the two arguments each other .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   extract
truth:  is   version

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   decide
truth:  retrieve   groups

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   digs
truth:  output   html

test:  shuffle a random item in the list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   switch
truth:  shuffle   list

test:  get the smtp setting for the provided server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the absolute version of type potentially available .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get login token for display .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  take   relying
truth:  take   login

test:  run all the files in a directory .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  forgot username to forgot user .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  look   text
truth:  look   username

test:  parses a string value and returns a tuple .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   unquoting
truth:  parse   environment

test:  get a unique space given a name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  return the endpoint reviewer for the given server .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   spawns
truth:  returns   endpoint

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  raise a message if the parse text catches an exception .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  private function used to track times .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   ban
truth:  return   probability

test:  check if a user is admin for this group .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  returns the percentage of relative pressure from the pressure sensor .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  show the list of available tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  returns   drawing
truth:  returns   tags

test:  return the gateway details .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  return   account

test:  get the line number in the simple crl .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  look   named
truth:  look   z

test:  rectified linear unit .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  compute   uncheck
truth:  compute   element

test:  get source strings for project .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  returns   translation

test:  returns a mapping of namespace to within a graph using build parameters use .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  builds   skipped
truth:  builds   use

test:  converts a datetime object to a month number .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  given   disables
truth:  given   datetime

test:  checks that value is non-empty and of the right value .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return a list of all continuation for constructing and right .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  display   currents
truth:  display   state

test:  find whether the key in the registry .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  attempt to remove server address from info .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  old deprecated method .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   induce
truth:  deprecated   testing

test:  computes the quantize of a sequence of integers .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  display a new testlist command .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  parse   retrive
truth:  parse   checks

test:  if the function require a noniterable .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  write   smooth
truth:  write   vector

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport check .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   digs
truth:  test   html

test:  warn() should print warning plus given text .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   labeled
truth:  -   file

test:  a decorator for adding a function to dictionary .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  defines   float
truth:  defines   decorator

test:  clean up the module of the current process .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  print information about the requested web browser .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  pulls   terminate
truth:  pulls   password

test:  get global parameter for transaction .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  check if a string is a valid bool on the system .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  retrieves the regular directive token from an end token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ymin/ymax ymin/ymax rising and leave des .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  builds   protects
truth:  builds   args

test:  try to apply an http server .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  add a mock counter to the hadoop .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove content from the provided content if it exists and returns a single element of the form .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  return a list of the sites that are managed by the given group .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   drops
truth:  executes   call

test:  chamber a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  fill   supports
truth:  fill   text

test:  with a new i .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a cache dir to the application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  print a stack trace file .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   applied
truth:  dump   trace

test:  given a module return a matching a dynamic package name .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  look   restoring
truth:  look   data

test:  remove the named container from the container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   satisfy
truth:  remove   container

test:  external_declaration : declaration_specifiers init_declarator_list semi .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  give a linear neural on the first fitnesses on a system .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  update   sparks
truth:  update   number

test:  checks response data for a certain response .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  catch   allow
truth:  catch   conditions

test:  generate a random string with alpha and bad characters .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  adds a user to the group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference to a a1 style string .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  read a cache time .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  for a given employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the exit layer code .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  clears the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   unescaped
truth:  clear   entries

test:  return the architecture url to download it .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  compare   talking
truth:  compare   dict

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return chunks of chunksize chunks from iterable .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns true if given password is a protocol root .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   confine
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation for the given project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a simple jit graph in jit .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  decorator to replace which is used in case of the login .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  returns the login form .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  adds a user to a group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  decrypt encrypted_data .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  enable or disable gui mode .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  tell   chew
truth:  tell   service

test:  return a list of all tests .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   prettyprint
truth:  get   examples

test:  return a formatted status code indicating an http status code .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  lookup a specific lexer of an object .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   unlocks
truth:  get   lexer

test:  combine two images .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  blend   rescanning
truth:  blend   weights

test:  function for functions that return a kwarg or a string .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a json representation of the sphinx dicts .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  check that the given python interpreter was called correctly with the given failure .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  signals to callables .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve credentials from the supplied dict .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  return the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   tokens
truth:  return   union

test:  return a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  patches the config .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  extracts the id from the given parsed id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  signal resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return true if the preserves preserves is allowed to be found or maximum length of the true to calculate the range of the latin latin .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   saved
truth:  return   average

test:  this primarily exists to group id .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  set   search
truth:  set   d

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  landing page for users .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the full database from the mysql sql server .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   fails
truth:  return   databases

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   redraw
truth:  add   begin

test:  get all languages suggestions .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  decorator factory for methods that may not raise a method in a somewhat .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the minions .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  pulls   builds
truth:  pulls   minion

test:  recursively sort keys with the keys in two dicts .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  get the character and add it to the packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse counters from a fixturemarker counter file .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   flattening
truth:  parse   field

test:  add a path variable to the environ config file .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   consisting
truth:  add   link

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   unpause
truth:  list   elasticache

test:  mark option as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  checks   listen
truth:  checks   key

test:  return the absolute version of data of the given test color .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  return a namedtuple of free lines .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  count the sabnzbd in two strings .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  count   tweak
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   pulls
truth:  s   null

test:  get a timezone string of a timedelta offset .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns true if w is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  pulls   carve
truth:  pulls   word

test:  test inverse of inverse .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  generate an object for use in testing .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns the structure structure w/ binary sensor .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  decorate a method such that the given method name only .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  marks id or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  return true if path is an encrypted path .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  desktop backend should have all es names .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  build flowgrams to creating flowgrams .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   forces
truth:  build   flowgrams

test:  get a storageuri by id .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  look   partitions
truth:  look   category

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   fonts
truth:  adds   layer

test:  start the shell command and return the output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   modifies
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open an open file by filename .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  splits a collection of unicode tuples into a single collection of safely .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  applies   identifies
truth:  applies   plugin

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   inform
truth:  accepts   entry

test:  delete a child zone entry .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  use this function to unpack the previous process from the database when a connection is called .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  check   reply
truth:  check   representations

test:  pack the object to a string .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  makes sure that a method name is accepted .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fix   step
truth:  fix   names

test:  extracts a map of users from the given disk attached to the given pattern .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  given   negate
truth:  given   resource

test:  method decorator converts a function into an alternative function .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  unwraps   reported
truth:  unwraps   function

test:  generate a mime message for response .
truth: convert response . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  replace the nomalized with a recent ancestor .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  find directed nodes for g in github graph g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  create   translated
truth:  create   g

test:  a valid release has a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  full test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   starts
truth:  test   nothing

test:  check whether mpl is device .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  validate overlap document .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  if a network is in host .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  indicates   killed
truth:  indicates   network

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  pulls   killed
truth:  pulls   network

test:  launches a bunch of current window for a given model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  provides   logged
truth:  provides   dialog

test:  set the number of days of the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   sparks
truth:  set   number

test:  get event manager from media player object .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  installs one or more system configuration files for a given virtualenv .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   patch
truth:  install   requirement

test:  return the wrapper for each request .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  get   link
truth:  get   factory

test:  main program .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether the given collection type is in the rights of a rights .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  checks   reallocation
truth:  checks   collection

test:  set a module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  initialize a function function for generators .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  call   satisfy
truth:  call   container

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  clean the given fbater to a file .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dump   configured
truth:  dump   tree

test:  returns a list of attachments .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   blacklisted
truth:  create   attachments

test:  builds a unique comparison binop .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  compute   destroy
truth:  compute   dtype

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two vectors .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  alter the bottom along the given range of the loop and y .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  used to configure config cli example: .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   urlencode
truth:  set   item

test:  convert text to an ansi color .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  add   match
truth:  add   syntax

test:  escapes a fp .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  set the normalized data for the given directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  convert human-readable number to string .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   reloads
truth:  converts   amount

test:  constant_expression : lbrace initializer_list semi .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  get the currently active expression as a string .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  validate and return cpu cpu policy constraints .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns the name of a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   suggests
truth:  returns   timezone

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  set virt only for number .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  pulls   buckets
truth:  pulls   preference

test:  retrieve a user_id object by reading the people user with the given user_id .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  iterate fastq records .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  filtering   locate
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove all non-empty characters from a string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  removes   block
truth:  removes   chars

test:  returns a matrix representing a constant matrix .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  spin up the oauth buffer .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check whether the firewall is mon cli example: .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  is   looping
truth:  is   node

test:  save a certificate on the local machine .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   rounding
truth:  save   master

test:  search a query to determine the possible types for a given type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  uses derived derived from identifies server .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  like json .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  serialize   aliased
truth:  serialize   json

test:  publish the collection and publish_collection_and_update_user_profiles more simple greeting .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  find the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   uncheck
truth:  copy   element

test:  serializes a given docs .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fixes   decreases
truth:  fixes   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks if the given string with the given depth .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  returns   depth

test:  bounce traffic server on the local node .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   clones
truth:  bounce   server

test:  generic setattr() .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  returns the n x 1 matrix as a list of values .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   smooth
truth:  returns   vector

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  read a packet binary string .
truth: object factory . 
test:  object   link
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the dmri data from the minion .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   insert
truth:  return   targets

test:  delete a user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  generates a generator of all games matching the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  get text text and radian text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  list all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  calculates the value of a string .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  cycle   exposes
truth:  cycle   values

test:  list the shared folders cli example: .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   emit
truth:  list   access

test:  add faces to an element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  dynamically find and return a suite from a module .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  assemble   compiles
truth:  assemble   suite

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  pulls   failing
truth:  pulls   style

test:  remove the given certificate from the system name the certificate store name of the certificate to remove .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  create above logger .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  creates   logger

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  for each linter .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  multivariate mahalanobis .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  escape string for use in <script> characters .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  prints out the application .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  prints   point
truth:  prints   status

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resizes   aligns
truth:  resizes   volume

test:  emulate diagonal of a diagonal function .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of subject alternative values from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  wait for the specified status to reach a status .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  get the field from a markdown field .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  check if all images on the given image .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  mask   launch
truth:  mask   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  pulls   emits
truth:  pulls   definition

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns true if the ipv6 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   delayed
truth:  returns   ipv6

test:  get an iterator over a series of integer objects .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  remove   doing
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  replace   eventlet
truth:  replace   warning

test:  return true if the variable is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  recursively process keys and values to keep them .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  get the bottom path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate arma residual for a two dimensional partition in autoregressive .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  cross platform relative path of a filename .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a list of all models for all models in the given table .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   lstrip
truth:  gets   set

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  get the plugin plugins dictionary .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert a list of articles into a dicts .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  generate discovery docs for a
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   decreases
truth:  write   documents

test:  get a reference to a service object .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  retrive   stores
truth:  retrive   name

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   squared
truth:  returns   vms

test:  bind tasks of a task .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   decreases
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns a musicbrainz id corresponding to a musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   bytes
truth:  fetches   album

test:  check for virt .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   dispatched
truth:  check   calls

test:  make sure the user is not imported from new domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  ask   highlights
truth:  ask   update

test:  returns a full path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  avoid an existing crossorigin="anonymous" when a nested state: is created .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a link to the course .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   users

test:  create a volumeservice for the given test .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  main function for validating demultiplexed fasta tree input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath output_dir: fasta filepath tree_subset: 0 .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  load a file that was uploaded in a dummy dataset-- .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove duplicate index from block_device_mapping indexes .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   regroup
truth:  remove   subsets

test:  setup the demo alarm demo platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  hits the current expression for assumptions .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  resets the set of completed xmodule to empty the modulestore .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  fixture to load a headerchecker unit test layers .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  scales each class of the input data .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  enable a new trace on the *value* .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  wrap   float
truth:  wrap   decorator

test:  if atime is currently being refreshed .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handles a wsgi server .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  handles   knapsack
truth:  handles   request

test:  return a dict containing the default url and add configured url .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  fast version of the string .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  set the rules used for policy checks .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   skipped
truth:  set   use

test:  return unicode instance for freebsd purposes .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the scope level .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  generate a failure for the requested randomish id .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return a set of disjoint sets of disjoint sets for all disjoint sets in disjoint .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   regroup
truth:  return   subsets

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  removes keyword arguments from a function .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  attempt   constrained
truth:  attempt   functions

test:  invert a sequence of functions .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  change   limiting
truth:  change   order

test:  only work on apt-based platforms with pkg .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  set and retrieve request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   knapsack
truth:  set   request

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  collect list of translations for a given virtual environment .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  delete versions in a package and discoverymodule version numbers .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   poll
truth:  delete   versions

test:  example: when new in-memory login .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  set   force
truth:  set   kwargs

test:  recursively test all mailcap files in an error .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  fix   thinks
truth:  fix   issue

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  launch the checkout branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   logged
truth:  launch   dialog

test:  return data to a postgres recipient .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete the system .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   decimals
truth:  delete   storage

test:  create an uninterpolated path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  join   ip
truth:  join   paths

test:  get a list of queue() belonging to the given metric or id cli example: .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   revoked
truth:  get   details

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  get   been
truth:  get   format

test:  checks that the permission_types dependencies of the required type is functional .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   wheather
truth:  check   library

test:  changes all redis client records for the given redis .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   compress
truth:  flush   db

test:  compute size of the value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   bench
truth:  align   value

test:  select a best match for the user .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  apply   works
truth:  apply   selection

test:  tests that the base quality are not binary .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  pulls   boostrapping
truth:  pulls   timeline

test:  parses a pattern definition .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   printed
truth:  parses   pattern

test:  this function prints a range of the input range .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  create admin group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return true if the function is a unbound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list policies in the named predictor .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  find all of the available plugins for the specified package .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  retrieve   interpolated
truth:  retrieve   plugins

test:  sync hosts to an alloc of doctypes .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  synchronize   bounds
truth:  synchronize   table

test:  search for an utc utc utc requests .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  yaml: runscope this plug-in allows the build .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs one or more warnings if the files in the shell command .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test scale and target_image dimension for a predicted that the average of the des along a particular sum .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  check   landing
truth:  check   sum

test:  parse a response response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parses   install
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time p .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns a application secret for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encode serialization .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  context manager for raising an email .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  computes the inverse update binary sensor .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  extract the binary option from a given option value .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get path with complex removed or filled in .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  recursively flush a twisted in a class .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  preprocess old argument to a string .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  look   forbid
truth:  look   options

test:  helper decorator to get a function to be run in place of functions .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  forces   reported
truth:  forces   function

test:  returns the test seg .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove multiple float and whitespaces at the beginning and end of the given string .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strips   flashes
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown a connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  coerce a numpy dtype to a timedelta .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the list of objects for a given list of type or buffer .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a generator for the lines of a multiline line .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   uploading
truth:  do   job

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  a decorator which can be used to mark a function as deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  acess - gets query result from jmx .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  check tidy tidy with email .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   digs
truth:  run   html

test:  xonsh version of the last argument in the system .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  multiplication of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate surface normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   calculates
truth:  compute   vertex

test:  initializes the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   utf-8
truth:  initializes   argument

test:  get changed objects for module to release/ locally .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   generate
truth:  print   users

test:  counts the number of each feature in sparse sum .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   prefilled
truth:  retrieve   hosts

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  yield   restoring
truth:  yield   data

test:  read a page from a given page of a given page .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  extract the inventory from json body .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   adjust
truth:  extract   inventory

test:  delete a device from the file system .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  error   rectified
truth:  error   cuda

test:  move a batch of features .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  center   negotiate
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that the base flag is initialized .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   deletes
truth:  test   pip

test:  fork off the center of a process .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   prettify
truth:  launch   process

test:  return a string representation of a cube .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-opts format .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  check if shared variable and updated values are equal .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the number of cliques of the graph .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  ensure that the given magic_kind is valid .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the server id for which server belongs to .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  fetch   clones
truth:  fetch   server

test:  generate a sample file for a given file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  return the appropriate redaction policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  return   holding
truth:  return   policy

test:  convert between two search output formats .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a continuous user input .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  replace   simulating
truth:  replace   input

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  coil   del
truth:  coil   gcode

test:  splits a string to lower strings .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  process   shared
truth:  process   string

test:  inject resources that match the given resource resources .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  deprecated use as theyre except for all students off a course processor .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  create   lits
truth:  create   basket

test:  get a list of hosts on a given path .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  if the site name was located .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  force   inspect
truth:  force   eggs

test:  returns a list of members .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  create a new remotestatepersister .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   skipped
truth:  create   use

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   point
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the value of a socket in the form a given string .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  create the local constraints block types .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  changes   pivoted
truth:  changes   place

test:  testing utility function .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  logs   open
truth:  logs   sections

test:  set the version number of a test script .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  tell   optimized
truth:  tell   script

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   step
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize in 2-d .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  quantize   contributed
truth:  quantize   t

test:  get information about a group .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  make a requests request to an http response .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  return login .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test that the processs model works with a set of gru things .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   fonts
truth:  test   layer

test:  add polygon for polygon .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a backup list available columns .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  list   subtracts
truth:  list   backups

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   scales
truth:  function   prints

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  exists to see if a container exists on the exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  try to find an element in the current path .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   inquire
truth:  check   tool

test:  a handy helper function that recreates the full url as a string .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  monkey-patch the internal module if it is a valid module .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   init
truth:  patch   modules

test:  login handler to the default s3 bucket .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a datetime to a timestamp string .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   childnodes
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  get the cutting plugins .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  check for the version of doctests .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the leading function names and returns a tuple of a cross spec .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  pulls   listing
truth:  pulls   inspect

test:  if a container is raised .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   satisfy
truth:  wait   container

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   drawing
truth:  strips   tags

test:  generates an event list of :class:dirmovedevent and :class:filemovedevent objects .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a send of djangos document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   pass
truth:  restore   document

test:  rotate image 90 degrees request .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  serialize the ontonotes into a yaml string .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   leaves
truth:  dump   dictionaries

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  computes an image by a linear line .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  fits   small_stmts
truth:  fits   line

test:  returns a list of for a site .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  return true if this request has a hypervisor_pool that is allowed to xhtml .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  return tweet for given template .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  loads and decode a file .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decodes   restoring
truth:  decodes   data

test:  get an in-memory search series .
truth: search series . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  generate points for starting with shape and shape .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  yield   algorithm
truth:  yield   points

test:  attempt to flush the dscl cache directory .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   eliminating
truth:  flush   cache

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  application section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  renders the template for the authenticated template .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a view that modifies a post form .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  return   r^2
truth:  return   form

test:  a step to generate a runner .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  make   unquoting
truth:  make   environment

test:  decorator for setting specific functions .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  finds   branching
truth:  finds   progress

test:  urldecode a query string as a sequence of two-element tuples .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   sequences

test:  check if the request was found in the config .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  determine   knapsack
truth:  determine   request

test:  remove markdown reviews .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  find the highest bit set to bitcount in an integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  count   prepopulates
truth:  count   bits

test:  restart the current restart delay time in seconds .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   suppresses
truth:  set   seconds

test:  parses xml attributes from the domain_name .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  provides a breadcrumb for an effect .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  generate   switch
truth:  generate   list

test:  return folder for current dir .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  returns test path to filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  generate the flavor line '$ for init .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  initialize   insert
truth:  initialize   targets

test:  sorts blocks of two blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   destroy
truth:  merge   dtype

test:  calculate access settings for a group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  returns a byte string of bytes containing the file signature .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns the first item in a byte string .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  create uncaught after got .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  generate   exposes
truth:  generate   values

test:  enable or disable a filename .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   handles
truth:  enable   site

test:  return a set of meter that are unified to store one of the columns that they should be found .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   labeled
truth:  rename   file

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  make a stc data identified by data .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  generate   splitting
truth:  generate   surface

test:  remove the files in the provided directory .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  clean   installs
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check whether an ironic client is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  find   carry
truth:  find   test

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  pulls   shift
truth:  pulls   tasks

test:  this is a grep to remove a grep path .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  grep   shared
truth:  grep   string

test:  returns a list with only log-related value equal to a given value .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  pulls   tune
truth:  pulls   internet

test:  skip test if configuration .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  parse every files into toc links .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   bartels
truth:  generate   contents

test:  extract ip address embbeded in 6to4 address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  asynchronously allocates a given model instances .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   controls
truth:  allocates   ids

test:  removes files from the current stack .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  compare   bartels
truth:  compare   contents

test:  print a value using pprint .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  print   transliterate
truth:  print   variable

test:  return spearman between v1 vectors .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns all box for the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  convert full array to autoregressive .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   resume
truth:  convert   pil

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  get the clipping after start and last 5 to end .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check that installation has the same in the current interpreter version .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  check   init
truth:  check   modules

test:  select the ancestor configuration for the given list of strings .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  a simple warning .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  warn   bisect
truth:  warn   deprecation

test:  mark a question as spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  mark   target_expressing
truth:  mark   question

test:  marathon {'shell' can be deployed for a marathon containerizer .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  marathon   carry
truth:  marathon   test

test:  get a unique type for a given qualified name .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  check if indirect is a indirect .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  given   loved
truth:  given   doc

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the front over width and add the loop and end lists and index lists .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  check if the file is 52428800 .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  validates file for local host .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns the rgs .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  computes   annoy
truth:  computes   rank

test:  parses the xml input input and returns a tuple .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  check that the moon 79 are set and see if the other altaz on the graph .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  tests plural plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  extracts the value from the input .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   format_alignment
truth:  extracts   authentication

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  show a hipchat cli example: .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   switch
truth:  handle   list

test:  returns a list of versions of aware .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   poll
truth:  takes   versions

test:  check if a socket is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  build an interpreted link for a block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  clone the files .
truth: release the package . 
test:  release   downloading
truth:  release   package

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  update available setup environment variable .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  build   adjust
truth:  build   inventory

test:  uses toplevel_dir to dynamically add errout .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  return a color with the segment that would be a color with the given color label .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calculate hessian of a point passed to a point of a point using a certain point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  checks if an object is a boolean .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   generated
truth:  returns   youtube

test:  open a persistent file .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  returns the modified time of the given storage .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   decimals
truth:  get   storage

test:  checks if the given labels is a valid series of labels .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether a path is a symbolic link .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  predicate to determine if prefix is a valid prefix .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  verify that creating parameters .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  write a model class with an instance .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   encapsulate
truth:  copy   instance

test:  raises an exception if the value is not a valid connection .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  pulls   inverts
truth:  pulls   statuses

test:  see 2: .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  simple test function .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  kill a process and all of its children .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   prettify
truth:  kill   process

test:  converts an image passed as the image to a money image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  perform an product .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   greps
truth:  parses   intersection

test:  uploads the source file to include the entire packages .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a users package type .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  choose   downloading
truth:  choose   package

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  check if a file is a file .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  iterate through all registered api hook .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  freeze   pulls
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pdf token to a process id .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   reported
truth:  analyse   function

test:  create an empty file content that only works when file has been modified .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  cached   preload
truth:  cached   content

test:  skips a test method to skip tests .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  load a raw domain from the current user .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   expose
truth:  load   credentials

test:  returns the vim morphological journal .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  returns the current directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a correctly formatted url with the given charset url => a unicode string .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  create temporary directories .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  calculates a list of ids .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  given   unroll
truth:  given   steps

test:  returns the xblock responsible for setting this xblocks date .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  finds   bdecodes
truth:  finds   xblock

test:  decorator to mark a function as not invoked .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  shows the microseconds chars for the input data .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  returns a random integer having the original tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  choose   pulls
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the user secrets manager instance for the specified user .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   fixes
truth:  returns   manager

test:  function to ensure that constructor turns any input into a classes using a function .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  checks whether the given title is a lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  compare   supports
truth:  compare   text

test:  execute a system query .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   looping
truth:  query   node

test:  extracts roads data from a roads roads .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  find   explore
truth:  find   segments

test:  parses a string like foo-1 .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   concatenate
truth:  parse   etag

test:  disable the named service to not start at boot .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  installs python packages .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  find   shortens
truth:  find   classes

test:  print all the results of all styles .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  clears uuids .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   pass
truth:  clear   document

test:  load sequence of files .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  checks whether partial date provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  function   translation

test:  the binary number of variation .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   crossentropy

test:  return true if and only if the agent are deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  warn   queryset
truth:  warn   configs

test:  if a url creates a locale .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  increment the absolute value of a absolute absolute maximum .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  formats a phone number for the first character from a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  remove any complex absolute error .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   accuracy

test:  set the movie pause .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pulls
truth:  pause   null

test:  determines the given part of the expression .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  =   decrement
truth:  =   =

test:  polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  computes   reveal
truth:  computes   sequence

test:  parses the data contained in opennebula .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  add an event object to the declaratively module .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  copies a file to a remote machine via a local ip address .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  create a figure and uses the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  draw   parens
truth:  draw   figure

test:  return the current configuration context for a site .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  set up a security headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  unbind a servicegroup from a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  bind   pulls
truth:  bind   null

test:  return the bull bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  replaces line breaks with callback items in a transaction .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  disable   masks
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  returns the wsgi pipeline for use with paste .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  loads   colorized
truth:  loads   context

test:  get a group by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the extension from the main instance .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  build a copy of the windows post .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  shortcut   reported
truth:  shortcut   function

test:  tests to ensure we have the right plugins .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts the ip address in cidr format to cidr address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  checks if all of the changed filenames are changed .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve supplied textual search output .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   pulls
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  gets the distribution object for a given hovertext .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  test if a backend run quickly .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  insure the virtual environment for a given job id .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects metadata['recommended-methods']['value']['procedure'] response .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   expands
truth:  finds   draft

test:  return a dataset that represents preserve in the least two literal left .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  validator for a kernel file .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return full edit edit image path for system .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  extension of a path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  base   define
truth:  base   path

test:  this is never be called on response .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  convert   decrease
truth:  convert   action

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test rendering mri report for mne report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get the beveled rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   abbreviate
truth:  get   rectangle

test:  normal ordered expression with an expression or fermionic operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  write   sums
truth:  write   expression

test:  build an entry in dictionary format into a dictionary .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   unquoting
truth:  format   environment

test:  modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorator to wrap a method to an instance .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  use time in a column .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  executes   sonar
truth:  executes   child

test:  retrieves a class from a string and returns the class object .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert a sound file into a standard read source code .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  evaluate the search for a specified query .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   launching
truth:  construct   pipeline

test:  dot description of thrown errors .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  make sure the given function is set to something .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  spawn   plucks
truth:  spawn   window

test:  collects an index or the public operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  use this function to override xmodule .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  pulls   asks
truth:  pulls   xmodule

test:  define an identify .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  uses   supplied
truth:  uses   api

test:  create the cache object for each db .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   eliminating
truth:  copy   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  replace all occurences of string with string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   receives
truth:  delete   port

test:  defines default v3 v3 parameters .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  yields   enhances
truth:  yields   scope

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   negate
truth:  serve   resource

test:  setup server .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   clones
truth:  setup   server

test:  takes a 2d list of constraints and returns a dictionary of constraints values .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  unpacks   smooth
truth:  unpacks   vector

test:  converts newlines to <p> and left-strip .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  returns the popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  concatenate all values of sequence models into a dict .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   exposes
truth:  format   values

test:  wrapper around the differences method .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  differentiate   imposes
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  launch this function is called in the future of the process .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  checks if the name can still be parsed back to force season or if we need to force force force season folders to be parsed by the folders to determine
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters out any optional value in a dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   force
truth:  filter   kwargs

test:  url-encode strings for use in templates .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  set system active users .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  feature finds without all feature finds a list of files .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  check if a provided hostname is a valid endpoint .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a random hypercube .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   declared
truth:  returns   samples

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   dimension
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  this function creates a new database to test the model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   reboot
truth:  returns   singleton

test:  retrieve flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   detach
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  a helper function to require the current password .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get a bokeh .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  update   clones
truth:  update   server

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  put info on all paragraphs of a paragraph .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return a function that maps matcher factories to a partial matcher .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  returns a list of the data in the expression tree .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  makes a test suite from doctests .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   compiles
truth:  partitions   suite

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the standard output encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  get the minimum span of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  return a string consisting of the given titles .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a new certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   producing
truth:  create   certificate

test:  return whether we are running on an amazon web .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  add the y intersection indexes .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  restful crud controller for community contacts .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the row of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   downloading
truth:  make   package

test:  remove a volume .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  the file can be used to serve static files .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  set a log request to the output of the json-encoded indicating that the corresponding http request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  write   stubbed
truth:  write   headers

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   optdict
truth:  convert   lines

test:  write text to filename .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  sab encoded data .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  fetches url and fetches the url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  validates the number of initial tab to make sure that it is exactly authorized .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  throws   asarray
truth:  throws   cases

test:  make some change to a deployment deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   logout
truth:  make   change

test:  get the ip addresses assigned to an ipv6 address .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  test if the database has an initialized on the test suite .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  check   responds
truth:  check   database

test:  simply print unformatted text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  serve the google_calendar_devices .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  shows the error messages .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   usage_key_string
truth:  error   view

test:  returns a list with the first words separated by the given word .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  determine   carve
truth:  determine   word

test:  creates a new decimal .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   instruments
truth:  delete   keystone

test:  wait for the minion specification .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return multi-dimensional structure with gaussian dv/v .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  tests if the submission service is set to a page .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  prints a subset of the stderr info that the given context .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  add an exception to the transfields info in a set of mapreduce .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   default
truth:  start   part

test:  run the certificate in a 32-bit file .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  extract   producing
truth:  extract   certificate

test:  issue: url related pr with actual change: url .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  saves saves the current exceptions to a file .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   session

test:  returns a dictionary containing key-value pairs for each fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return disk usage associated with a given path .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  validate the parsed text .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create a sharedobject object from a stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  print   detects
truth:  print   color

test:  gets pep greeting value .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  responds   widen
truth:  responds   frontend

test:  checks if unittest is available .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  strips any etree namespaces and unquote_to_bytes .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  removes   tile
truth:  removes   information

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  loads an example of messages .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  prepare   setuptools
truth:  prepare   notebook

test:  replace the construct construct a lambda function .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   centers
truth:  replace   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  stochastic updates learning learning learning rates .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   dispatches
truth:  updates   learning

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   autogenerated
truth:  run   benchmarks

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray object .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   register
truth:  return   wrapper

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  process the xml element by the manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  escape a sequence of parsed commands .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  make sure that either one or more switcher it is .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  link   reserializes
truth:  link   widget

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  process a template and apply it to pillar data .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  convenience function to return the current output of a given job .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  try and extract the request .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wrapper around main loop .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  runs   paging
truth:  runs   interface

test:  match pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  terminate   explode
truth:  terminate   processes

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  compute the p-th virtual error .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   interprets
truth:  compute   intervals

test:  get the nthhost integral value occuring within the given value .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   preloading
truth:  get   host

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  helper method to generate urls .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  test custom inverse warning .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   forget
truth:  test   inverse

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  construct a machine that can be used as a banner string .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  result   pulls
truth:  result   null

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  if data is a scalar .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  constructs   divides
truth:  constructs   matrices

test:  this routine replaces attempt to compute the size of a new star .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a protocol from a url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  default second_dict .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   astring
truth:  returns   route

test:  try to extract the versions from a binary file .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   exposes
truth:  extracts   values

test:  force autoescape behavior for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   pings
truth:  force   behavior

test:  returns the path to the checkpoint .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  creates   reshapes
truth:  creates   serialization

test:  converts a :app:pyramid decorator into a decorator for debug mode .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  build the heap vector using the substitution substitution .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  helper function that catches a fits file if filename is called .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  get   assume
truth:  get   header

test:  collect a sequence of scope .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flattens   simulating
truth:  flattens   input

test:  give an exception .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   modbus
truth:  set   cookie

test:  test for issue #444 .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  validate a user against a resource .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   allocate
truth:  validate   user

test:  convert an s3 key to the uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  computes cumulative product of a tensor .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  enables a string with one level and writes the resulting pattern .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  returns for creating integer less than one year .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  produces   disables
truth:  produces   datetime

test:  verify that declarative is available .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  returns a list of all course milestones for the specified course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   annoy
truth:  estimate   rank

test:  returns int for given text .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  parse a string of the following date format into a time-zone representation .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   focused
truth:  parse   dates

test:  call the given text with the given indentation level .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   flip
truth:  indent   python

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  computes minimum barcode sequence are within strings .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   int
truth:  finds   match

test:  filter out a list of updates .
truth: home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  user can login .
truth: user can login . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  make   lowercases
truth:  make   verbose

test:  get current video scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   repeat
truth:  get   scaling

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   wants
truth:  convert   parts

test:  get the current user id from the group .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  shuts down an instance and method .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shutdown   encapsulate
truth:  shutdown   instance

test:  execute input with warehouse .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  patch   localize
truth:  patch   reference

test:  return a function which applies a any byte strings to a function .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  cache   bench
truth:  cache   value

test:  creates a default global secondary table for a given global table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  calculates checksum checksum for a basic fibonacci .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  pulls   brings
truth:  pulls   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test to make sure that an application exists .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  collect an image :class: .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  pulls   throttle
truth:  pulls   unit

test:  get the default file encoding .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   rising
truth:  remove   group

test:  enable the monitoring stream with name stream_name .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  report   activate
truth:  report   delete

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates a new security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   reduced
truth:  updates   cli

test:  represent the open summary .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   support
truth:  represent   time

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return set of fields in the available duplicates .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the global python directory .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  creates a list of wcs addresses of equal numbers .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   stacks
truth:  get   states

test:  set the given properties on a quota and update it .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  test of sanic .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a new module of the first function .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  unload   tear
truth:  unload   module

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   prefilled
truth:  release   hosts

test:  remove all files below the tree at the end directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  send a notification about a remote host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   preloading
truth:  send   host

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   hanging
truth:  clear   variables

test:  create a new l{iopump} type .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  set   shortens
truth:  set   classes

test:  compile a sequence of strings .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compiles   enhanced
truth:  compiles   object

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  try to apply the pattern in the given sort by matches the pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  get the configured user flags .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   copy
truth:  run   nagios

test:  converts a sns string to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   disables
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  generate a message from a wire format .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  stop all instances of the given version of the given version .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stops   borrowed
truth:  stops   instances

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  wraps last login signal .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  handle different topomap of the gamma .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  color   works
truth:  color   selection

test:  import and import a module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  determine if the transaction is in the datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if an router is router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  based   defines
truth:  based   attributes

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   blocks
truth:  collate   representation

test:  extract the identifier elements of a given key .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  this function creates a set of emails that can be used by the sudo/administrator segments in a mailchimp segments list of emails to make these are identical by the mailchimp
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  retrieves the notification notification listener .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  return   initialized
truth:  return   notification

test:  remove a file .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a function used for generating chunks .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  get sequence of a network .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return true iff firstset is a list of firstset .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  chop a sequence .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chops   sparks
truth:  chops   number

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   teardown
truth:  delete   type

test:  check gcrs<->altaz transforms for _version .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send deete table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  decorator to add a function to a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  munging   located
truth:  munging   method

test:  return a string with unicode chars .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  return an iterable for the given object .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   authenticated
truth:  makes   everything

test:  return source estimate of the source plot .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get all the edit string for a given question .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return available controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  forces header name : string name of key .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  create   utf-8
truth:  create   argument

test:  set a event to a file parameters arr : matplotlib .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   restrict
truth:  save   array

test:  helper function that returns from the web behavior of g .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  collects the application .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  copies   logging
truth:  copies   flask

test:  returns the type type given a class name .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  remove network from network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   requesting
truth:  remove   i

test:  given a string .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  return full path to the scripts .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the type of the given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  load the key from an app app .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   review
truth:  convert   keys

test:  make sure that max has scaling away with scaling .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  tests   utf-8
truth:  tests   argument

test:  returns the number of edges that are in the graph .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  verify no value should not be absolute by ip addresses .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  following   pulls
truth:  following   null

test:  merges translations into one of the given translations .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  adds a task to the task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  follow all windows plugins cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  raises a message if the user does not have a authorized permission enabled .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  raise   allocate
truth:  raise   user

test:  estimate the true source argument .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  changes the amount of a named vm cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   hostname
truth:  reset   vm

test:  it should support download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  pulls   inf
truth:  pulls   download

test:  auxiliary function for taking a instance-limited directory .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  escape target .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return a list of grains .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  add a prefix to the key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  returns the timestamp in the due date .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  get   speed
truth:  get   minutes

test:  generate batches of inputs .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  the corpus from falls .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   debugging
truth:  delete   dataset

test:  change the qapplication .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   stores
truth:  change   name

test:  run a bash shell command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return numeric assortativity of an undirected graph .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   looping
truth:  compute   node

test:  return the certificate info about a certificate file .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  stops the rabbitmq application via the htpasswd command .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  check that a prefix satisfies all errors .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  compare   s
truth:  compare   sets

test:  find a cloud image by id or exit .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  decorate methods to interact log .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  remove a tag to be used by tags .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   target_expressing
truth:  remove   question

test:  ensures that the keystone keystone is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  generate a matplotlib figure with a first set of figures figures .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the string corresponding to a fact .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   binding
truth:  return   fact

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  wrap a string for inclusion in a url .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   gauss
truth:  wrap   strings

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return a list of file names in the minion .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  set weekly downloads wher .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  update   pend
truth:  update   day

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal part .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  make   small_stmts
truth:  make   line

test:  recursively processes a file path .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   inform
truth:  adds   entry

test:  an ns callback around the url from the /etc/hosts content found .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  function to pad a pdf page string from a sequence of ranges .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  given   disabling
truth:  given   filenames

test:  check if the required token is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  reject   scop
truth:  reject   token

test:  try to get the version from the package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  loads a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  tests suggestion corresponding to the suggestion .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   mock
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  utility function to save the db model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  returns information about the hosts returns requested dict of the hosts string sld dns boolean value to get information about cli example: .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get information directly over http .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  checks that the current version is a valid version string .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   loading
truth:  check   bower

test:  document add to preselected form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  document   r^2
truth:  document   form

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   offset
truth:  find   parameters

test:  calculate the dict1 .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  remove   scaled
truth:  remove   queue

test:  approximate the interquartile number of a structure .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  test reading raw spm data .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  unittest runner .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   timing
truth:  mix   spaces

test:  get the gcd of the outputs .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  print the given sorting index .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  kronecker product of two elements of a and b .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get all submodules and their actions .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   rel_path
truth:  get   submodules

test:  add a list of hosts to their full zone .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  builds   switch
truth:  builds   list

test:  filter out what items are test1 of the given function .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  facts facts file formats facts : existing facts to run facts with specific libraries .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  wrapper around _format_value() .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  downloads a post request from the current user .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  perform logical volume merge merge a snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  take   indexes
truth:  take   snapshot

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  wrap the elemwise version of elemwise .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   registers
truth:  test   product

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  add two matrices to sparse tensor .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   divides
truth:  add   matrices

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   slice
truth:  encode   pickle

test:  test two advanced chunks .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   packed
truth:  convert   chunks

test:  split an image to a field of shape .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  squeezing   colored
truth:  squeezing   operation

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  test that the mapping of mapping sense flag .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns a minimum spanning spanning forest of an undirected spanning weighted graph g .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   echo
truth:  generate   minimum

test:  decorator that closes a test if deprecation warnings is not a valid warnings .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  returns polynomial gcd in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  add stl given stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   swaps
truth:  add   faces

test:  reverses a tensor .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  creates   providing
truth:  creates   tensor

test:  retrieves the application to console for a given windows .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   stopped
truth:  output   statistics

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  generates the image .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  produces   restrict
truth:  produces   array

test:  find all ancestor records of a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  dragonfly doji .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform mappings to a human-readable number of mappings .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  return the status of css bytes .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  parse a json file and return a python object .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  parse a backing file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  return the system abelian group of g .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  return index page .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  show   bring
truth:  show   page

test:  kill listen on a true if the namespace or no pids .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  load a module from a local module .
truth: in apps . 
test:  pulls   plot
truth:  pulls   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  restores the cached character set .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   forbid
truth:  restore   options

test:  helper function that creates a new client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  yield n successive chunks from list of length n .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  the main function .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  lay   tsv
truth:  lay   components

test:  return new segregate .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   registers
truth:  function   product

test:  return string appropriate for the platform .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  return   intermediates
truth:  return   8bit

test:  extrapolate latitude/longitude given a heading and sin .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  return   points

test:  build a file from the csf .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   flip
truth:  encode   python

test:  checks if path was a valid url in the current language .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  example of the nth group that is only present in the user .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   adjust
truth:  initialize   inventory

test:  convert a dictionary of email values to a scope .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields of the provided list .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  callback function to handle state info .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  supported   stacks
truth:  supported   states

test:  used primary keys .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  make   defines
truth:  make   attributes

test:  convert non-sequence to 1 element sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  returns a string to be converted to a float .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  regression track .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  a sample function which takes vc and optionally input values .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  given   currents
truth:  given   state

test:  return the name of the primary group that owns a given file this function will return the user under windows .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  fixture to setup a setup .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  check   stays
truth:  check   sphinx

test:  returns a receipt for the purchase .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  reissues   operands
truth:  reissues   receipt

test:  raises an exception if the supplied number is not too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  gets the hash with the given hash and returns it .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  looks   labeled
truth:  looks   file

test:  write samples to file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  imports controller - x maps csv into the carving contactssample .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dictionary of the appropriate messages on the columns .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  return information on open ports and states cli example: .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  compare two float fields can be used .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  returns   slave_open
truth:  returns   media

test:  write wcsconfig maxheap store by a file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the information on the minion cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  show   solve
truth:  show   settings

test:  print a message to the log file .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   order
truth:  print   traceback

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  try to get all requests from the "generate api .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  read a signed store file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  move a user api server to respective respective api client .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   express
truth:  returns   -

test:  write a trees in newick format to a file .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get hostname for the specified group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate a json file of the data .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  mode: string - "agg" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  converts the given string to a devices parameter string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   capturing
truth:  converts   error

test:  returns the reparse data file .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  retrieves   restoring
truth:  retrieves   data

test:  decorator to make function only available on a function .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  prevents   reported
truth:  prevents   function

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied string or unicode string .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  convenience function that returns a copy of the string s with all occurrences of s .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  provides a linear template that renders the man output .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  pulls   building
truth:  pulls   tag

test:  consume url 4d3185662ca61bc9fa1bdf1ec0166f6e5ecf86c6/bigtable-client-core/src/ - preserve use for testing purposes .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  consume   prioritized
truth:  consume   messages

test:  get the default hydrological .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given range .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  drop   eliminating
truth:  drop   cache

test:  create a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if filename may be a file .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  broadcasts the stports object? .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  draw   collate
truth:  draw   box

test:  decorator to enforce read-only response .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  decorated   constrained
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns html string for normally .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks that the next time has passed .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  given   extract
truth:  given   version

test:  helper method to grab method .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   sqlalchemy

test:  restores the path from the current keyboard object .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  sets   unquoting
truth:  sets   environment

test:  for functions that return c_void_p .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute a given path .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  construct   continues
truth:  construct   svg

test:  check two inputs of height while needed for height grey .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  helper function to convert to float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove non-print or password from the beginning of source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   polynomials
truth:  remove   codes

test:  test directed graph for strong connectivity .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  find a suitable path in the given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  a generator for each line .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   mounts
truth:  yield   objects

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  appends   emitting
truth:  appends   character

test:  show the list of comments for a given command .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   dataframe
truth:  prints   comments

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns true if harmonic are a valid alphabet .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generates a cookie for each store .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   regressiont
truth:  generate   index

test:  returns a partial cluster matching the filters if it exists .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   located
truth:  include   method

test:  return the list of all supported error codes .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   capturing
truth:  return   error

test:  extract a collection of the choices match to a collection of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  select   int
truth:  select   match

test:  make sure a from utf8 is of type or unicode to utf-8 .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  retrieves the users system from the network device using users .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   generate
truth:  retrieves   users

test:  lists the pci requests based on the given flavor requests .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   knapsack
truth:  get   request

test:  creates a command line .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  starts   decorates
truth:  starts   web

test:  copies fieldexpression to a searchparams proto .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   flow
truth:  copies   fields

test:  update default values from the inject inject inputs .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   resolving
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  locate locate foo .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a human-readable measurement of seq .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  return true on the minion systems .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  initialize an primitives file .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  stripping   enqueued
truth:  stripping   po

test:  adapt the blob so that we can be running on any referrers .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  objects   mounts
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create a contract exceptions that fly the contract creation of <script> tags .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return the first search response body from response body .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  extract   access
truth:  extract   url

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  set output of fp tests .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  a simple view that doesnt use remote access to get remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  get local s3 image represented by provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  add x values to y .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  handle a dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  runs   exhaust
truth:  runs   conversion

test:  ensure that all associated messages are created when creating threading limit .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  import a dotted module path and return the attribute/class designated by the last name in the string .
truth: source: django . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  view which sends a simple stubs on a given host .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns columns of a dataset .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  format   enhance
truth:  format   items

test:  convert a diophantine matrix to the fourth matrix the principal components of a dense vector .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  make sure an unused classes with a specificity equated .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if the filepath is a fits .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  determine   evaluated
truth:  determine   origin

test:  reconstruct every coefficient c_h of a polynomial in mathbb .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a moderator .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  unlinks the edges between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  pulls   descend
truth:  pulls   edges

test:  generates a communities degree of degree iters .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  create a new pain with the given content type and an optional bytes .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  takes   talking
truth:  takes   dict

test:  search term based system .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  use   fold
truth:  use   backend

test:  reset index in data .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns default contact_type for main with mongo or instructor and ordereddict .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  try to guess things that are four applicable for things that need to be either in the order of other tests .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  collect   specifies
truth:  collect   methods

test:  provides a dummy request to be used on the client .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  write data to a file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  forces email for html or save .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  remove any clean files .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  cleanup   flattens
truth:  cleanup   output

test:  helper function to get the default possible values .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  serialize an xml representation of a xml element .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   uncheck
truth:  serialize   element

test:  helper function to make a cache pkg .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  computes the interior of a penalty of a penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper to create a variable stored on variable .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the last time window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  setup the available tls sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  parse lists of key .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetch the archive for the pacman .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  return the int or comments of an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  build the request from gitlab .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  pulls   forgot
truth:  pulls   project

test:  need to assign the attacks from the user .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test sentiment minifier .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves the operations with the given version of the current job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  queries the results and times them to an event .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns a dict of audio keys .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  split   raise
truth:  split   term

test:  helper function which translates lazy argument is not a really function .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  apply   accepting
truth:  apply   e

test:  parse a string as a group pseudo-xml file .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  detects   ip
truth:  detects   paths

test:  computes the transfer function belonging to a numpy model .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   currents
truth:  writes   state

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   spawn
truth:  initalize   devices

test:  converts noneif into pymode .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  binned histogram data .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  pulls   unshelve
truth:  pulls   interval

test:  ensure an apache module is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  compute the singular values of a logged-out plot .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  if you are a reserved folder .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluates the circular inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return a string indicating that the user is deprecated in use .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  generate   validates
truth:  generate   addition

test:  logistic a single vector of the l**p x .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  note   pulls
truth:  note   null

test:  converts camel-case style names to camel-case .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  create a other hashed script .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   do
truth:  test   hashes

test:  available commands and handle serially .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  unpack any unicode string .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the network interface name compared to .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   paging
truth:  gets   interface

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  integrate the values of two arrays .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  elementwise sigmoid sigmoid .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save a file to disk .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   labeled
truth:  update   file

test:  copy data buffer to a buffer .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  helper function to merge two texts .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  coil a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  puts all function calls .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a profile menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  disable the enhanced enhanced stream on the system .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  fast fastq to generic quality conversion .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  change the value of a attribute suitable for use in a attribute .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  sets   constrain
truth:  sets   attribute

test:  like os .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return indices of indices to find the indices in iterables .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  create a node to install a list of data files for the given title .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   implemented
truth:  create   x11

test:  get a single event object suitable for modified .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  set the base time zone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  get a mapping of whatever instance from a different path using a different storage storage .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  function   define
truth:  function   path

test:  given a package name .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   downloading
truth:  uploads   package

test:  fetches the next exploration ids for the given user and (2) ids .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  returns   exploration

test:  set things that the elb is allowed to a new record .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   predicate
truth:  format   sql

test:  write file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  get all releases linked to a release or limit .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   instanticates
truth:  get   releases

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  detach an existing virtual machine .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   looping
truth:  remove   node

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  delete a vector of possible tuples .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  clear   eventlet
truth:  clear   warning

test:  a generator for compiling files in python .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  yield   leaving
truth:  yield   cython

test:  load data from a file .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   format
truth:  process   parameter

test:  makes document for a resource .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   defines
truth:  fix   attributes

test:  return true if the given request should have a inject refresh .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  reset keyboard control points for a given technique based on the query .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  resets   xlsx
truth:  resets   query

test:  get the path to the solc interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns true if a string is valid for a number type .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for quickly turns all stringio on a build logger .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  configure   hacked
truth:  configure   buffer

test:  matrix exponential minus the matrix exponential mean of the matrix .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  construct   r^2
truth:  construct   form

test:  convert the string to an if-range format .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  return the hash of the git .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  output the key for each condition in kwargs and kwargs functions this is only a no-op so that the key is useful for all functions in mapper mapper to easily
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  return a dictionary of valid values .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a signed message .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  returns   pair

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  detect absolute error of blocks blocks in the optimizer .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get information about a task .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  check for file existence .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  identify   config
truth:  identify   patterns

test:  associate dhcp option bad dhcp options id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   forbid
truth:  test   options

test:  create the verifier method .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate tests for basic values .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  default   unpin
truth:  default   routine

test:  table a datasets metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  renders the capa and fires the signal .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  fixture that returns a dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   carry
truth:  fixture   test

test:  return the status for a service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  memo decorator for sequences defined by recurrence see usage examples e .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  pulls   convert
truth:  pulls   sequences

test:  return a list of active mounts .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   logfilesize
truth:  list   linux

test:  get the mysensors service stage notification service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  ensure that a search is applied to a -1- .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  add   dos
truth:  add   search

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  generate an identity key for a given object .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  creates multiple actions for each bucket .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   fixed
truth:  creates   scenario

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc return a unquote_to_bytes .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  returns polynomial gcd of a set of polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pretty-print a python object to a string .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  generates notification of usage about usage .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  generates   initialized
truth:  generates   notification

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  a context manager that silences stderr .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   feeds
truth:  context   stderr

test:  test no data for a none containing serie .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  reset the template info cache for the given template cache .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   eliminating
truth:  reset   cache

test:  open a project file .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  convert event box to event padding .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  process   fitnesse
truth:  process   events

test:  get the current environment to use .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  kludge a cache key with a relative hash .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  used   eliminating
truth:  used   cache

test:  return the metric of the shortest metric .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   sift
truth:  return   metric

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  attempts to parse a valid bootstrap message classes into a pandas dict of script classes .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  return   shortens
truth:  return   classes

test:  creates an ebsblockdeviceapi instance using aws credentials .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function checks if a file or a file .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  locate   labeled
truth:  locate   file

test:  returns even or odd parit .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  create the bifid cipher .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  return   joined
truth:  return   decryption

test:  create an oauth2 resource ids .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  access a message if it doesnt include a message .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  create a proper pool .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   inputs
truth:  create   monitor

test:  return a default state with config .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  set   preload
truth:  set   content

test:  documents the resource operation .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  saves the modified image to disk .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  creates   grabs
truth:  creates   png

test:  wrap a single topicsread with a non-complete authenticate for a given user and last read .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  wait for a proxy to be edited .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  starts   distribute
truth:  starts   proxy

test:  translates the exception message using the given locale .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translates   eliminates
truth:  translates   elements

test:  get pci device by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  read everything .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  execute   optimized
truth:  execute   script

test:  sets the messages into the request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  imports and returns a dotted-path module given a string containing that it .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  parameter to sequential the network device using a specified suffix .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  transfer   rescanning
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require tutorial tutorial .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   carry
truth:  require   test

test:  get either internal representation of an live trace or contextstack instance .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get the windows nsobject .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   lets
truth:  get   handler

test:  step 1b .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   answers
truth:  step   handles

test:  sends a message to a specified topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  read   simulating
truth:  read   input

test:  return the inverse of the currently supported by default .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  construct a linear regression not use for linear regression .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return hex digest of string .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  converts an integer to a template .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   reduce
truth:  convert   shorthand

test:  converts setting units with one of the unit unit to a ones ones .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  takes   query
truth:  takes   position

test:  check whether the path is present .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  extract   define
truth:  extract   path

test:  mark a function as already replication access .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  assert that the response is less than http server .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   barcodes
truth:  assert   http

test:  calculate the largest integer less than n .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  process the cuda process dies .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  aborts   deregister
truth:  aborts   jobs

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc id .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  pulls   apps_count_installed
truth:  pulls   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given pyrex implementation file and return a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   monitor
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import the python object for an object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  run a pid .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  note: robust to be ordered by the first redirects .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  find   regressiont
truth:  find   index

test:  returns a panel with the name and panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   mutate
truth:  add   column

test:  generates and returns a string suitable for readable urls .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  prepend   listen
truth:  prepend   key

test:  convert a time value to timeval .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of files in the provided directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  test reconstruction where the image and mask are the same .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  returns the information on a file .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xhtml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   shared
truth:  escapes   string

test:  test if the node is an error .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  detect   looping
truth:  detect   node

test:  computes the p-th p-th trigonometric .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  dragonfly doji .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  pulls   printed
truth:  pulls   pattern

test:  a decorator raising a function if a task is a classic exception .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  generate the job info of a given addon .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  starts   polishing
truth:  starts   celery

test:  displays daily table to be used for low and safe_mask .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  display   bounds
truth:  display   table

test:  check if pillar is available .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   builds
truth:  signal   minion

test:  returns the path to the program provided it exists and is on the systems path retrieved from code snippet by jay: url test-if-executable-exists-in-python .
truth: source: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  convert non-central moments to 1 .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  translate   shared
truth:  translate   string

test:  decode a jpeg string using the k-means encoding .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  returns the appropriate float value for a contrast change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  list all available languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  adds   switch
truth:  adds   list

test:  checks that the given url is intersecting .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  convert the value into an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  wait for a expression to become available .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  helper function to replace all collection values with cast to decimals .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  imports and returns the json object of a module .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  validates that the supplied value is a valid categorical value .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   piercing
truth:  returns   article

test:  decorator to retry the decorated function .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  creates   float
truth:  creates   decorator

test:  stop the specified eventlet server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   pyopenssls
truth:  stop   greenlet

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  cli example: .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return text in mixed python string form .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  noop   reported
truth:  noop   function

test:  return the id of the group .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  returns a list of services the service .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  list the files for the specified job .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   logfilesize
truth:  uses   linux

test:  ensure that an entry is a rest entry .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  check   unescaped
truth:  check   entries

test:  merge two sorted arrays into a single space .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  takes   decoding
truth:  takes   lists

test:  returns a list of plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   alignment
truth:  load   section

test:  return polynomial norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  make the code at the given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   capitalizes
truth:  make   revision

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a fixture which offers the tests to make it easier to test .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  check whether a country is inside an leading zero zero or not .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  checks   rq
truth:  checks   country

test:  computes the offset of *a* .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  offset   pulls
truth:  offset   null

test:  map id of github to the github command .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the float in the loop to the http/2 point in a makes .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   converse
truth:  get   ratio

test:  delete parent filters .
truth: close indices . 
test:  close   sparsedataset
truth:  close   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  calculates the z for the mean of the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  creates the email address for the user .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   restart
truth:  creates   account

test:  test in multi rendering .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  check   replay
truth:  check   chart

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  helper to see if all really matches the same job names .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  pulls   disabling
truth:  pulls   filenames

test:  remove an event manager from a media player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the temperature sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   multistringformfields
truth:  gets   temperature

test:  reboot a machine by performing a hard domain name .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  decorator to mark a function to be run .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  test that a figure with an application creation .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   parens
truth:  test   figure

test:  abort if a file exists .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  force   trivial
truth:  force   connection

test:  get the line with the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  assert that functions is a first argument .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  verify that message is a valid dictionary .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  start the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  upload a file to the refspecs refs .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  remote   yields
truth:  remote   push

test:  test that debug logs the logs debug file .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   attriute
truth:  test   stdout

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  returns   sums
truth:  returns   expression

test:  encode a chops .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  pickles   utf-8
truth:  pickles   argument

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   increment
truth:  function   gradient

test:  this only apply to an alloc unary and sort of nodes .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of set of content/leaf nodes for each kinds .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data modechoice data .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  set the scenarios to the specified scenarios .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   fixed
truth:  set   scenario

test:  generate a tuple string to a tuple of numbers .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  returns a tuple such that the graph is ansi or a tuple of integers .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  turn   something

test:  activate the user to have completed .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   synchronize
truth:  matching   addresses

test:  generic function to ipdb a trace file using pade .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of packages changed for the given blob .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  disable the paging of output on switch .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  return a list of languages for the given language .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  get head stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  test 1900 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  addresses   pulls
truth:  addresses   null

test:  returns activation name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  parse a mapping file with optional mapping of mapping .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  no args to corrects a single built .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  find all of the source files in a subdirectory .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   clone
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond3 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  returns all defined subscriptions on user model .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  formats an object using separators .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  get the font font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   reset
truth:  get   reader

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   astring
truth:  add   route

test:  maximum of a tensor .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  this is used to check the cluster xml on a system .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   deserialized
truth:  create   bridge

test:  disconnect all connections with the same width as prerequisites .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   pulls
truth:  disconnect   null

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  supports the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  builds   rectify
truth:  builds   parser

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  return a random color string .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   been
truth:  return   format

test:  returns true if the struct decoder is a decoder .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  release rate to be sent by actionexecution .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  update the num word routine .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  parses a tag into a dict .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if both the architecture architecture is small .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  parameters retry_count n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  wrapper to make printing to stderr nicer .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   flattens
truth:  enable   output

test:  wrapper for dogpiles .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  construct a connection from the local minion .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  execute queries against mysql .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  execute   expects
truth:  execute   queries

test:  coerce s for base64 .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns people following user instance to use for the specified user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return lower bound to the quality (q) .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  not divisible encoding .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  left   input_string
truth:  left   join

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   predicate
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test there are ignored from right right coordinates .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   arrays

test:  helper function to redirect to see if any city which strips the same markup on subsequent .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  run commands on a remote host .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  display the main program .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  parses a html string into a tree .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   capitalize
truth:  computes   distances

test:  run a scheduled pending pending pending pending pending pending events .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   deregister
truth:  run   jobs

test:  project image to four images on an image and apply to a certain image .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   forwards
truth:  project   image

test:  return the information on the system .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  get a systems handler .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  try to install the default ssl options .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  instantiate a new http server .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  creates   clones
truth:  creates   server

test:  creates or create user with given user_id .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  return true if the boolean indicating whether or not the specified version is a beta argstr version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  rc4 - convert a string to a time .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  parse   unpublicizes
truth:  parse   description

test:  plot evoked data as images .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the url used to perform an image .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return the scalar scalar scalar in a^p .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  checks   attributes
truth:  checks   arrays

test:  process the xml element by derivation .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  converts newlines into underscore tuples .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  create a list of dictionaries .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  rebuild   drawing
truth:  rebuild   tags

test:  get a sparse matrix of preconditioner .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  initialize a delimiter event .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  coerce a timestamp to a json string for datastore storage .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is not none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  test   converted
truth:  test   block

test:  check for current'] .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  rebuild   poll
truth:  rebuild   versions

test:  put a lock on the provided file id .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  refresh   constructs
truth:  refresh   lock

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  formats a card .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  remove byte order from a string .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns true if g has no independent independent set .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load a class by opening and retrieve a class .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  parser : equal equal to find the size of the fa .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  computes a 2-d points together .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  generates   restoring
truth:  generates   data

test:  do a collapsed lookup .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  removes   learn
truth:  removes   quotes

test:  returns the default keys .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  tests that the creation of a function is still seed for the right test .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  verify   expr
truth:  verify   valueerror

test:  build a color by name .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  build   detects
truth:  build   color

test:  update review reviews for app .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  takes   scans
truth:  takes   pairs

test:  takes an authorized http or offset and returns the current time formatted time .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  rest controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  retrieve a list of client from a video image server .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  helper method for sending a request .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  add   inform
truth:  add   entry

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  change confirmation .
truth: change users email . 
test:  change   equalize
truth:  change   email

test:  push a dataframe onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   capture
truth:  push   bit

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  messaging delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  returns the expected key for an user with the specified key .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  use an etag_func() that returns unquoted .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  fetches a list of all ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   unsqueezing
truth:  install   setuptools

test:  log a record .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  logs   applied
truth:  logs   trace

test:  enable the service on the machine cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  returns a parsed url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   xlsx
truth:  compare   query

test:  average summary of average loss for a store_fs .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  creates track .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   controls
truth:  creates   ids

test:  returns a dict with indices indices that can be used to store .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  choose   focused
truth:  choose   dates

test:  private method to return a list of yaml modules keys .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   customized
truth:  get   salt

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   wanted
truth:  construct   filename

test:  returns terminal size for a given number of lines .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  helper to determine which default to pass module to .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   tear
truth:  determine   module

test:  poll a pb resource from the aws utc .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   plucks
truth:  resize   window

test:  retrieve a list of users .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieves the total cast like a template .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  fetches   enhance
truth:  fetches   items

test:  returns an encoder for a bytestring field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  check if a filename exists .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  check to ensure that operator operator use the required operator always log file to check that the required required library .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   located
truth:  log   method

test:  return a formal match for a given numeric pattern .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  pulls   newlines
truth:  pulls   dimensions

test:  reconstruction on a masked array should be zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  accept   review
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression ** expression | expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  decrypt a string with the private key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  convert utf-8 encoding to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   unifies
truth:  utf-8   encoding

test:  update one or more static file names .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   fleiss
truth:  return   mysql

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk on-disk .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  initialize a container with the target key .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  normalize an absolute path .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns the revision of virtualbox that respecting the given revision .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  venonats female sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the system configuration value cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   allocate
truth:  -   user

test:  return dict of job config .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  converts a scipy sparse matrix in **compressed sparse row** format to an iterable of weighted edge triples .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  merges strings with the private key and key/value pairs .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  restores   usage_key_string
truth:  restores   view

test:  return the registry of a given window .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   routing
truth:  get   registry

test:  inject names to make it easy to test case .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  test from kwarg to verify the right work .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  checks   align
truth:  checks   observation

test:  check if a given header is set to the log header .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   assume
truth:  check   header

test:  return the p-th histogram subcorr subcorr .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   repairs
truth:  compute   correlation

test:  helper function to create a simple variable .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert sequence .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   sums
truth:  create   expression

test:  get the default zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  read a dictionary containing the contents of an alignment page .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  removes irc color and/or single space characters from string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds decorators to decorators .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  see   safe_octal
truth:  see   class

test:  make sure that all messages have trainable .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   ascii
truth:  make   gnu

test:  interpolate a list of typical models for all related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  update the version of this instance .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  send an event to a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   fitnesse
truth:  send   events

test:  randomly select a bug in *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  get the correct configuration directory .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  check if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  returns an iterable of length n from the given list of values .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  returns number of interval config number .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   unshelve
truth:  returns   interval

test:  require a perms user to do no time .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  choose the current rss rss rss of two instances .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sample   compose
truth:  sample   usage

test:  tests that the in-db suggestion can be bypassed .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  register a new specific specific == :return: a dict of lltd .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add pillar from convex loops and grids .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  returns true if the given viewing is a boolean .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  determine   based
truth:  determine   address

test:  list partitions to a project cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   crops
truth:  list   partitions

test:  ensures that the supplied value is a positive integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   bench
truth:  ensures   value

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   arrive
truth:  return   escape

test:  given an entry .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  pulls   inform
truth:  pulls   entry

test:  get the local network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  updates the blocks on a device cli example: .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  perform normalized weighted objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  transforms   reported
truth:  transforms   function

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  avoid   supports
truth:  avoid   text

test:  check if the system support anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a connection to an http verifies a google cloud credentials .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  system boot boot since the following fields were currently expressed .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  add plugins and menu menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  plot the value of the script .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clear   parens
truth:  clear   figure

test:  list task status .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   mount
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   pulls
truth:  encrypts   null

test:  return the base url of a url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns a list of bridge to which the brs is defined under cli example: .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   totodiles
truth:  returns   machines

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  check each argument can be written as a run .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the type passed in argument is an iterator where we only tell the standard argument passed in the stack .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the average precision of the given image .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get the output of the file .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  pulls   attribute
truth:  pulls   statements

test:  vertical prewitt on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   pack
truth:  prewitt   edge

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  pulls   unzips
truth:  pulls   drivers

test:  generate a temporary file with a given name .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  try to import a module from the full module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  perform database created .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   pulls
truth:  complete   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   freeze
truth:  test   processing

test:  returns the money code for a money currency .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  patch user .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patches   requested
truth:  patches   detection

test:  compute default .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  drops   clip
truth:  drops   record

test:  check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns the version string .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  delete text with the new cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  checks whether the given text is similar to the given word .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  convert a string to a space-separated complement of ascii characters .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  helper function to create a new pimap object .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the result of object for the given object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  runs a command .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  a wsgi application which yields a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  turns   located
truth:  turns   method

test:  return a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  default implementation of the _thread .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check that mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   encoding
truth:  check   mongo

test:  repack options dictionary in salt .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  update signal handler to user .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  removes a given image from the wagtailimages_image_model setting .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   link
truth:  stream   factory

test:  checks if file is a file in the commit file .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  generate an identity identity identity .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a dictionary keyed by the value of a tag .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  retrieve boot options from the user .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  return a driver function which provides the minimum of x .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  return   manages
truth:  return   expansion

test:  retrieve the current repo for a given path .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  helper to run a transaction .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  return application .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  instantiate   roundrobin
truth:  instantiate   application

test:  get a tasks from a file .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  filter out all available bar .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  initialize   branching
truth:  initialize   progress

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   deflate
truth:  parse   config

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  calculate the score at the given vector of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  put   get_auth_provider
truth:  put   hold

test:  run an assets shell on the local machine .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  function for apiview .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the verisure platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  no adding an item as well as the documented ridge .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test whether the object is array-like .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  pulls   returns
truth:  pulls   something

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   mount
truth:  deletes   task

test:  get all available regions for the amazon codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  tries   stores
truth:  tries   name

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  batched   attribute
truth:  batched   statements

test:  test input arrays .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  get a list of default values .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  adjust points of floating points .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  export a single module to csv .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   aliased
truth:  export   json

test:  gets a list of application items for the given app_name .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  get   init
truth:  get   modules

test:  downloads all available workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  downloads   moves
truth:  downloads   updates

test:  create an rpc for use in configuring rpc server .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  write config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  updates   talking
truth:  updates   dict

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the pvoutput binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   adding
truth:  setup   gpio

test:  return the list of command-line bytes to use .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  declares a flag as key for use in a query .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   translates
truth:  declares   flags

test:  opens markov .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   loved
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  pulls   seek
truth:  pulls   subscriptions

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   urlencode
truth:  delete   item

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   dtype
truth:  removes   arg

test:  get the spherical float by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  yield yield yield down the files cache .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  returns   stopped
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream id .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get the count of the specified entity .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  returns   converter

test:  test starting a file with ok=false .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  helper function to compute the fixed length from the model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  get ancestor variables of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  handler for requests to display .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  returns the timestamp of this file .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   flip
truth:  emulate   python

test:  convert a frame frame to a string with binary timestamp .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   github
truth:  make   frame

test:  remove packages using opkg packages .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   constructs
truth:  remove   lock

test:  manage the project for a project .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  return absolute path to the base_path .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  returns a list with all registered registered role objects .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  test if the id of the current session has been initialized .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage smtp virtual server for smtp .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  manage   disemvowels
truth:  manage   smtp

test:  verify text text implementing the class name .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  failed   containing
truth:  failed   ip

test:  decorator to initialize a subtask by elementary on the specified time .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  store   tile
truth:  store   information

test:  return a list of all available queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  return the support page for the user .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   grouping
truth:  return   system

test:  force the server web server .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  stop   clones
truth:  stop   server

test:  columns columns with ls column .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  locate   mounts
truth:  locate   objects

test:  return the url corresponding to the given path .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the log transform by dataframe-like .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  test logarithmic option with a bad range of value .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  sprot_search_de -> hostfromgpu(gpusparseblockouter) .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  return the cli sequence of pip tests .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  test   unload
truth:  test   client

test:  only load this module if the composer python module is loaded .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   intrepret
truth:  generate   pdf

test:  register a mapping of mapping .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   spyders
truth:  given   scheme

test:  return if the project is corresponds to a project of owner of or owner .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  return detailed information about the vms and their return a list of all vms on this hyper .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the adjective within a given w .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the wigner algorithm .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  requires that the user wants to access a login object .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  convert a numeric boolean value to a python boolean .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   binding
truth:  get   fact

test:  gets the comment modelform class from the comment view .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  return tree tree for all content in the given coverage .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return a request to the server manager .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  mount virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   jitter
truth:  remove   guest

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  only sysadmins may have see if the user is not allowed to administer .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   allocate
truth:  ignore   user

test:  returns the multiplication between two elements .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  show   registers
truth:  show   product

test:  return the projection of a time-varying .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   running
truth:  return   math

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   retain
truth:  ask   platform

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  dot product of a collection along an axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters data sina: sw  returns dataframe code : name : c_name : .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  returns the metric handler for the given image .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return true if the given class has multiple values .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  helper function to find the vm that has a value .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  test installing from a wheel with pip install .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  convert a dictionary to a table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  users: and users: .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  simulate   pings
truth:  simulate   behavior

test:  asserts two polynomials within within time .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  assert   collecting
truth:  assert   b

test:  attempt to login a connection with the current session .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is a utility method for the highest method to return the moving method .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  gets the running pipeline from the passed request .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  unclean final callback by specifying the provider configuration .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert central coordinates .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  map   overriding
truth:  map   dimension

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  try to match the passed in passes using the specified etags .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  test   int
truth:  test   match

test:  decode string encoded by unicode_string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  make sure that a user is logged in to the request .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  process a timestamp as a string .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  process   childnodes
truth:  process   timestamp

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  saves   r^2
truth:  saves   form

test:  helper decorator that wraps a method with arguments .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the sine of a sound stocenv: stocenv: of a sound point .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  parse a fragment html representation of a hash .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  sanitizes   manage
truth:  sanitizes   fragment

test:  downloads all available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  set the preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   start
truth:  set   zone

test:  return a dictionary without any file and the value .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   forms
truth:  filter   result

test:  return whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   trailing
truth:  return   flag

test:  notifies a notification via rpc .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   hacked
truth:  transform   buffer

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   rising
truth:  construct   group

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  add to the tree at path .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   urlencode
truth:  insert   item

test:  generate problem state for a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   project
truth:  generates   ascii

test:  return true if the object is an object .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  repartition dask dataframe by ranges .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  repartition   pulls
truth:  repartition   null

test:  load an object from a file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  return the template dir for a given path .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  get a plural by help name .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  prompt   xfail
truth:  prompt   help

test:  send an sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  return cartesian families of cyclicly and zero or directed graph g .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  evaluate a the matrix of the matrix elementwise function .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  if args is a string-esque .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  parses and returns a list of their names .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  format   simulate
truth:  format   spec

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  module function to pickle a module .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  process the rules defined in the policy list .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  walk   unescapes
truth:  walk   rule

test:  find the stats in the newline at least one space .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  return an absolute packed instance for a binary buffer .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the value of a property in the image .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  delete a group policy .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  return the user id of a specific user .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  return an information to a file .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled model .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder from placeholder and rfc 2822 config .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate an example rst from the application .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  returns a virtual server version .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  spec spec for deleting an caa .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  retain a media_player after use decrement the reference count of a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  validates an microseconds .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  send an email to none .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   pulls
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  raises an exception if the mlevel level and return the value .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  read the values of a sequence of arrays horizontally .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  pickle   unmap
truth:  pickle   descriptors

test:  estimate parameters distfn : distribution # returns contr : distribution instance needs to have cdf second_function_name point value .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   reported
truth:  estimate   function

test:  admin view to display the settings file .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  find the index of an array in x and y .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   smooth
truth:  return   vector

test:  check if a file exists and is chrdev .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  construct an absolute path from a file via a bokeh .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   thrusting
truth:  return   space

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   loads
truth:  listen   changes

test:  generate unique harris .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plots   forwards
truth:  plots   image

test:  formats the size information into a base size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   analyzes
truth:  format   size

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   stubbed
truth:  adds   headers

test:  cast to string .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  append   pulls
truth:  append   null

test:  returns fifo cost by stock over stock and previous cost .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  get   scaled
truth:  get   queue

test:  set quota usage for a resource .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  sets   capture
truth:  sets   bit

test:  return a dict suitable for use as the osf http response to frontend object response .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  a version of the values a .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  yaml: groovy-script configure a finder build step .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  return a suitable part of a partition .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filters   convers
truth:  filters   enumeration

test:  gets users ids for a user with similar return_stmt .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  converts   controls
truth:  converts   ids

test:  perform a string from a returndict message .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  result   shared
truth:  result   string

test:  tries to determine the pid of <program_name> .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate all pairwise permutations of a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  pair   pulls
truth:  pair   null

test:  can work on a tuple of permutations of @since: .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  tests   docfield
truth:  tests   angle

test:  test sensitivity and specificity score for a hexdigest of score .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   commits
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  if a string is a unicode string .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   suppose
truth:  unicode   algorithm

test:  does dask replaces a dictionary with a default values .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  remove   review
truth:  remove   keys

test:  common code in the method .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  unpack a septets .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek 1000 units .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   categorize
truth:  read   read

test:  compute the hyperbolic tan transform of module .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   returning
truth:  evaluates   tan

test:  return options for the given options .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  removes colors of a text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  generate the full path recursively .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  copy api-version specific binomial connections to the parent database .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  run proxy in shell .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  render a formset **tag name**:: .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  return a new service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   reduced
truth:  add   cli

test:  simple handler for repeats strings .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  stats   attacked
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install the rpm rpm file .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  sets cookie(s) as provided by the query string and redirects to cookie list .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  decorator to mark functions which should only be called with the same name as the client .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service via windows .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  parses a resource of the appropriate class/method .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  reads and returns a list of buckets buckets from a local cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   restoring
truth:  compile   data

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular review server .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  checks that the arguments to a list of numbers .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  for each alternative and alternative for js value .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  writes the object to the global library path .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  writes   enhanced
truth:  writes   object

test:  determine the correct extension for a iterate file descriptor .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verify   attempt
truth:  verify   extension

test:  return the attribute name that should be used to refer from the climate used to local file .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  generate   overlay
truth:  generate   func

test:  check whether the specified upgrade is available .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  match   pulls
truth:  match   null

test:  infer an attribute of the returned class .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  update the specified model .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  show   rescanning
truth:  show   weights

test:  associate current auth with appropriate email address .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the current thread object .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  convert a node in **compressed form to a dictionary .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   presents
truth:  convert   mapping

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  decorator to give a handler function to be called before accessing a function .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   registers
truth:  find   product

test:  validate that a model is supported by the linear model .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  check   pushing
truth:  check   model

test:  convert a name of the name into a list of pdf checkpointdir: use .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  called if other is currently ignored .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  fires after code is executed in response to user/frontend action .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   batch
truth:  fires   code

test:  simple task to get a link to a easy parser .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  like djangos .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  use / add google domains .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  sets   estimating
truth:  sets   domains

test:  updates a new user with a list of picture picture .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  convenience function to select a single initial argument .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   eliminates
truth:  select   elements

test:  view for the tests .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  run changed since it returns the on-disk box .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  pulls   changes
truth:  pulls   languages

test:  hus -> tuple like identation .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  run a task hook on a task .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  invokes   challengenes
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   echoes
truth:  obtain   prefixes

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate wrapper shell script for java .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  build   register
truth:  build   wrapper

test:  concatenate an iterable of items:: .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   exposes
truth:  concatenate   values

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  computes the cumulative product of the vector .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a cjk .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  returns   printing
truth:  returns   locale

test:  expand raw degeneracies .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  mark a function as not requiring a method .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  utf-8   pulls
truth:  utf-8   null

test:  writes markdown errors to a file of all enabled files .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   sanitize
truth:  write   libraries

test:  drop log stats from a file .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  compute   attacked
truth:  compute   stats

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  rebuild command with final sign .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefixes   echoes
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  check and ensure that it works and and it behaves parentheses .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the requested requested method .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  returns the top topics of the top object .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  update an load based on a bad backends .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  pulls   overlapping
truth:  pulls   tm

test:  parse a repository reference containing the repository reference .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  resolve   orthoganlize
truth:  resolve   hash

test:  get the adapter name and adapter and return it .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  transforms the trace for use in [needle]__[index]__[possible_match] to convert the dataframe to a dataframe .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  convert   embeds
truth:  convert   pandas

test:  tests that creation of rules with instance_uuids rules are not satisfied .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  convert a boolean value to a boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  initialize a completed completed cipher .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  calculate   poll
truth:  calculate   versions

test:  return current system information cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  helper function to check if necessary .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  get unique ft_library error filter .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   wrapping
truth:  get   handle

test:  check if the score score function is heldout .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  compute   mocks
truth:  compute   scores

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  creates a campaign feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return the path of a pathname .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  imports the paths to import .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  forms a custom views in a form for a user .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  mimics   lambda
truth:  mimics   django

test:  returns maximum distance on a list of strings .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  verify context has admin rights according to policy settings .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  get the hardware address for a layer by a new layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  create a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   poll
truth:  returns   versions

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto a canvas at the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  used   indicating
truth:  used   images

test:  gets all the gating milestones associated with a given course .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  finds   svn
truth:  finds   dicts

test:  wait to see query query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  wait   xlsx
truth:  wait   query

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : enum id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  bootstrap a package root directory of the system root url of the cola url to install root url of the base url .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   forwards
truth:  bootstrap   image

test:  parameters to load all the parameters on the provided rc .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  reconstruct the browser client version .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  make a review branch dialogs .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  diff   capitalizes
truth:  diff   revision

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the environment to use in sentry .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  check if the given cudandarraysharedvariable is in the parsed command .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  kills for the facter command .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  add   emitting
truth:  add   character

test:  retrieve the cpu from a cpu task affinity .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  function to create an array of the input tensors .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   colorizes
truth:  function   matlab

test:  return the cumulative bit of x .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotate   prepopulates
truth:  rotate   bits

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  ensure that the snapshot of the named snapshot is absent .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   indexes
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the p-value of the logistic function .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  return rule points for two different points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  calculates   bench
truth:  calculates   value

test:  if not provided .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  use the process class to find a list of form .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   echo
truth:  get   minimum

test:  return a new theano entry object .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  parse a given number from a string .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  assert a list is returned without repeated entries .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  quote a string for use in expressions .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  translates two order .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  sends a delete object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   behave
truth:  usage   sync

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  adds a function which adds the given value to the beginning of the given thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  return the application resources .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   widening
truth:  determine   location

test:  returns a string of the day in a figure .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  outputs   tests
truth:  outputs   span

test:  find four y value from four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  get the scaling policy for a given group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse an s3 uri uri into a tuple of the form .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  returns a modeladmin relation type given the given type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   teardown
truth:  map   type

test:  convert unix ticks into a time instance .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  deprecated   skipped
truth:  deprecated   use

test:  return the path to the discovery .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets the equivalencies registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  prepare all packages in the geonode tests .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  download   unquote
truth:  download   note

test:  delete a vm .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  ensure the named unfreeze is not currently running unfreeze .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  extended euclidean algorithm .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   suppose
truth:  extended   algorithm

test:  asynchronously try to listens a string .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the version of locate cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  remove duplicates of an iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  parse a valid looking format string to a datetime object .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a descriptive response status code .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the vsphere object args: obj_name : the name of the object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   remote_api
truth:  get   inheritance

test:  shows all sales of a particular student .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  special function to help replace the sympy with a warning set .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  definition : definition comma .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the precision of the square matrix .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  displays currently executed file .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   stores
truth:  displays   name

test:  copy files & destination from one document to another .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  pulls   generating
truth:  pulls   shell

test:  creates an ssh settings .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   restoring
truth:  clean   data

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  test the traffic server running normal instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  return   projects
truth:  return   cci

test:  returns a set of image into a dict of http headers .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  a salt array that is returned an actual values of the form .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  used   lstrip
truth:  used   set

test:  returns an approximate tree in the graph g .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  returns a string representation of a format that string: the given format .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  wait until multiple threads can be established .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  take   switch
truth:  take   list

test:  change the lobster for the specified package name the name of the port to remove deinstall : boolean print cli example: .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  pulls   receives
truth:  pulls   port

test:  validates that a list of valid values .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   exposes
truth:  validates   values

test:  do all subnodes operations in the tree which have multiple lines .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  surround   banned
truth:  surround   children

test:  test an exception taken from a py2exe module .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   subclass

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  stub function to redraw the current line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  refresh   small_stmts
truth:  refresh   line

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   temperature
truth:  sets   date

test:  generate a regenerate template certificates for a course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetches a users course by id .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieves   disconnect
truth:  retrieves   courses

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the current ioloop object .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  cross product of lanczos vectors .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  cross   register
truth:  cross   wrapper

test:  test cloning a git repository from an editable url which contains "dev" string .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  test   repository

test:  returns the vertices for a regexp expression .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   sums
truth:  pick   expression

test:  get unified diff of a string and return a detected bug .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  generate   asserts
truth:  generate   diff

test:  create a color light palette .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  get default currency for currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  adds function to be called before executing a function .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  extracts the http token and returns it .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  generates a suitable url for a given target .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return true if the named service is enabled to start fmri cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract auth parameters from a list of backward tables .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  pulls   receiving
truth:  pulls   js

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  create an icon from a keystone database .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   preface
truth:  generates   degree

test:  remove bom encoding from bom .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  adds a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a file url for a resource .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  load   indicating
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  return a list of the hypervisors that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  wrapper to make testing provided by storage .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  replaces   takes
truth:  replaces   stream

test:  push a repository mirror list to the repo config files .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  apply   yields
truth:  apply   push

test:  return the url to send to the request for the specified identity specifier .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  add   targeting
truth:  add   backends

test:  notify subscribed users about new suggestion .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   bootstrap
truth:  notify   suggestion

test:  detects whether set_term_title is installed on the system .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setup the rfxtrx component .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns a list of all commands .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts all the keys in "data_dict" to strings .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  set   review
truth:  set   keys

test:  return a list of refs starting with refs for the given file .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  set adjust option as float .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   cause
truth:  set   option

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  pulls   interact
truth:  pulls   legendre

test:  look for the input that we only add or the same name from the linux server .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  pulls   find
truth:  pulls   boolean

test:  get the amount of memory allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   store
truth:  changes   memory

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  read each ]{ .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  taken from ampersands .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  check whether the course has been configured for html .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  determine   catch
truth:  determine   course

test:  get the doctest .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   establish
truth:  run   py

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  renders the vm details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   bounds
truth:  renders   table

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the boykov algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get api method for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   install
truth:  get   response

test:  check if administrator exists cli example: .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   satisfy
truth:  check   container

test:  helper function to check if the has existing permission to the given user .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  compute the orient statistic .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts the value look like a string .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns the ids of the pages in the given pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  fetch a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  registers vcs handler to dictionary .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  render all unit tests .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check that the version is not installed .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  resolve a filename name into the path .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  convert the timestamp iso 8601 format to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  test subtraction of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  parses a single snapshot of one or more node .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   loved
truth:  parse   doc

test:  returns an array of standard keys .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  create a new datacenter in the specified service .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  creates   deleted
truth:  creates   datacenter

test:  strips any countgraph whitespace in a string .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  reset reset on a property and add it to the criteria .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  handle   deallocate
truth:  handle   worker

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  register classes that are printable against myclass model while old-style old-style old-style class or old-style old-style old-style .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  entry point for external application .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  construct   mutes
truth:  construct   app

test:  converts the passed function to a converts converts it to a subprocess .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident fields .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a list of "{name}={value}" .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generate   rolls
truth:  generate   substitution

test:  generate a new cookie .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  uploads a given object to the encryption key for a given encryption .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   enhanced
truth:  uploads   object

test:  render method to check the given differential equation .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  load only on windows .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return reoriented vector on a reflection matrix .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  convert a dict argument to a protobuf dict .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  populates   pushing
truth:  populates   model

test:  loads a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return a copy of the string s using the default encoding .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  build a dictionary it has the vocabulary .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  return the blended transform of the matrix .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  obtain   offset
truth:  obtain   parameters

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent name the name of the template to remove index template : string json returns: boolean true if present .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   regressiont
truth:  ensure   index

test:  convert an input shape to a one-hot image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  handle   choice
truth:  handle   formats

test:  return true if *uri* is a string .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get the authentication url for the given backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   spawns
truth:  gets   endpoint

test:  start the service and return the resulting service .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  target controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   patched
truth:  get   y

test:  generate a new unique id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  regression test for an editable list containing that all child ensures that all child values are raised by each variable .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  tests   usage_key_string
truth:  tests   view

test:  sets the value of the most recent configuration for the given cuda object .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  function   rectified
truth:  function   cuda

test:  allows a string to be a group of title .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  pulls   consisting
truth:  pulls   link

test:  parse a finder function .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  test whether a sequence of items are already present .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   reveal
truth:  check   sequence

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  same as a == b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns true if the given node has been text .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator factory to track track the entity .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  loop over stim channel for all parents .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  synthesize   overrides
truth:  synthesize   channel

test:  the reverse function computes the following string representation of a label .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  draw   preprocessing
truth:  draw   char

test:  extract first order from a dictionary .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  parse   eliminates
truth:  parse   elements

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  extract code from the output code text .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  formats   batch
truth:  formats   code

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  extract   initializes
truth:  extract   program

test:  loads the build options for a colour-code options .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  fails upload a single pipeline fails for adding an exception .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  load a configuration file given a path .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of top answers submitted to the given state of the given exploration which were mapped to any of the given unresolved values .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  gets   coordinates
truth:  gets   exploration

test:  generate simple test classes for a test .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generate   cleave
truth:  generate   providers

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  test saturday for label + .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  return a manager with the requested jobs .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  iterates over a file .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   searching
truth:  return   architecture

test:  get the path to the theme theme by the given theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test if we have a merge keys for duplicate keys .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  test   svn
truth:  test   dicts

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated page index link .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   inverts
truth:  attach   statuses

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   extended
truth:  move   exit

test:  there is no threading to provide the application .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  return true if a and b are not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursively remove a nested structure from the datastore .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  dont crash from cgi .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  translate   point
truth:  translate   status

test:  this function has exited the sys .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   determine
truth:  initialize   projects

test:  locate and return its language-dependent name from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   present
truth:  locate   role

test:  test that an api does not create another user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get comparison between 2 comparison and 2 circle intersections .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  utility function that checks access permissions .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  chamber a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  fake implementation of the unedited .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   mount
truth:  create   task

test:  project redirects to preselected project .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  parse a blobs for a given buckets in the given buckets .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   emit
truth:  prints   access

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: the media page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a string representing a number .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  gets the path of the qiime qiime .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   deconvolves
truth:  returns   level

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a string identifying the hidden versioned hmac body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  provide   polygon
truth:  provide   hmac

test:  parses the value of a http request into the requested uri .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   knapsack
truth:  parse   request

test:  calculate the nesting summary of a given model .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  generate   import
truth:  generate   summary

test:  capture the printed output of a specific stringio on a specific code .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  save   attriute
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration measurement for a set of predictions .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  align a theano vector to have different number of squares .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  parse metadata file and return a dictionary of arguments .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  returns   cause
truth:  returns   option

test:  compute a random rsa with key msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render the given icon .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   resizes
truth:  render   icon

test:  execute a command inside a remote sysctl .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  capture   pulls
truth:  capture   null

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  runs a suite as and return an environment .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  writes the current configuration file .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  writes   deflate
truth:  writes   config

test:  returns the inverse of a given array .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  search for a search results .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  create a connection with options .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  check that nt .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  execute the salt-ssh system .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  parse a content-type like abc .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   cross
truth:  parse   iso8601

test:  get output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   dwindle
truth:  returns   neighbor

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  return an iterable of unique fill for a list of hasher .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  hash   bartels
truth:  hash   contents

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the arithmetic arithmetic output of the specified system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  return   sampling
truth:  return   clock

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   squeezing
truth:  get   uuid

test:  create and return a gdp_yoy instance from a string .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the name of the repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  determine   crop
truth:  determine   directory

test:  moves a traffic log message to the local log file system .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  logs   automate
truth:  logs   traffic

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  test logo logo .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   logo

test:  returns the given string converted to the given uri .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  adds enrollment attributes for the given user to an existing course .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait until the server has completed .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   impute
truth:  wait   topology

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  yaml: build this plug-in allows you to define "weight" on each build .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  a toy decorator to make it easier to allow test via the test suite .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  handle resize certificates for a course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  invalidate   gunzip
truth:  invalidate   certificates

test:  copy a snapshot to a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  return a list of tests in the specified test suite .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  clears internal plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  make sure the user can do not exist .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   forgets
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  gets the rendition of the file and general upload it .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  obtain   define
truth:  obtain   path

test:  ensure that a bridge is derived .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  look up a role by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   present
truth:  get   role

test:  move connection .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   clean
truth:  rename   playlist

test:  write conditional formatting to worksheet in g .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  decorate a function to be a decorator that immediately after a transaction function is used .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  verifies   issues
truth:  verifies   caller

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  returns a boolean array .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  pulls   closes
truth:  pulls   +

test:  signals to mark a function if were not a deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  flags   located
truth:  flags   method

test:  load the class by a given alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   orders
truth:  load   alias

test:  find the maximum flow of maximum of a given undirected graph .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the pandasobject of the input .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  return   dataset

test:  test installing a vcs url .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   flashes
truth:  test   characters

test:  common function to be copied from a given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   rising
truth:  allocates   group

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  add   prioritized
truth:  add   messages

test:  print the javascript tests and print results to the console .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  makes an entrance exam exam .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   escapes
truth:  encode   student

test:  return true if the given path is a list of strings .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a figure with a partial aspect .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   parens
truth:  creates   figure

test:  declare a by the function is usable in a fixed-size .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  insert   abandoned
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  relative strength to direction of x and direction .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  compute   clamp
truth:  compute   area

test:  see newer .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  pulls   multiprocessing
truth:  pulls   css

test:  get carving for the carving file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  pulls   remains
truth:  pulls   v1

test:  display a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a fuse that will execute the lines in the given head .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  virtual field to find the lamps by display the empty port in clusters .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  move to the tests of the history history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   small_stmts
truth:  move   line

test:  creates a diff for use with the right object .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  constructs   asserts
truth:  constructs   diff

test:  return a string for the given jid .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   tsv
truth:  format   components

test:  initialize logging for the persistence .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   code
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  taken from ampersands .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   username

test:  scan for all text in the colored .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  get the global metric ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  remove a file from the filesystem .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  changes the language of a language .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  checks   stretch
truth:  checks   language

test:  test that the gemini attribute works as expected .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  see   knapsack
truth:  see   request

test:  retrieves and creates an object from space .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  runs the train .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  check if a given locale is available .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterates   labeled
truth:  iterates   file

test:  only work on systems which default to be available .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  set the context of the palette .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  enable or disable shipping shipping handler .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  checks that bezier is available .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  fail   mounts
truth:  fail   objects

test:  returns the current time in milliseconds since epoch .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  creates a string with the given string .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  combines   shared
truth:  combines   string

test:  test activation token .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  returns the lines of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   decorating
truth:  returns   log

test:  given a byte string .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  cast   enhanced
truth:  cast   object

test:  a context manager that will temporarily change the state of the context for the context .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  helps   binhexed
truth:  helps   tests

test:  create an exponentially-weighted hotp .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   polygon
truth:  generate   hmac

test:  load authentication credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  returns   expose
truth:  returns   credentials

test:  sorts the version of a list by reverse .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  converts a javascript string to a json file .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   aliased
truth:  dump   json

test:  collect multiple option values into a single list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   exposes
truth:  collect   values

test:  helper function for the current configuration state .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   exposes
truth:  retrieves   values

test:  check if the host is a valid host .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   assume
truth:  validate   header

test:  disable the gc for the collector if it cant be changed .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   turns
truth:  set   collector

test:  gets the correct unit spacing after a string .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  extracts a single file from the master .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  returns a new qualified object for the targets .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  is   stores
truth:  is   name

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  print the number of procedure to the layer .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  unpack normalized ipv4 address from a tuple of integers .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   reading
truth:  unpack   agent

test:  calculate the maximum pairs of input data .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  pulls   mail
truth:  pulls   creation

test:  get html format for a given document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  uninstall a feature to the specified feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  disables   saving
truth:  disables   feature

test:  validate and return a string for use in a bytestring header .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  filter   represent
truth:  filter   failure

test:  get the pci device object based on the device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  trim the front and returns false if certain strings are set .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   algorithm
truth:  trims   points

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return dictionary names .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  name   refresh
truth:  name   scripts

test:  returns a number that is an e .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  encodes   sparks
truth:  encodes   number

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazard filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a locale to find the locale and the result of a locale .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   let
truth:  get   fallback

test:  extract qresult / used by a convenience .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  function   easy_installed
truth:  function   hits

test:  get the profile type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  convert a url => css_selector of floats into a nice 2-tuple of css_selector .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  choose a random string for a given nonce .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  ensures the prefix has gone at least one prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  detect   unifies
truth:  detect   encoding

test:  returns a url containing the views that can be mach-o at the given comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  return: return: in parallel .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   lstrip
truth:  run   set

test:  create a case that may be used on the tokens .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  extract labels into dictionary form .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  utility method to grant shared folders to only return a list of users .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  grant   twitter
truth:  grant   auto

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  check that the system supports a file .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  appropriate openid form .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes elementwise reciprocal of square root of input :math:x_i .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a list of objects matching the given product product product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  decrease the saturation channel of a color by some percent .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  manipulate   operate
truth:  manipulate   h

test:  resolves the canonical form path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  indent text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  indent   supports
truth:  indent   text

test:  make a labjack based on the languages .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  generates   compressing
truth:  generates   menu

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   printed
truth:  compile   pattern

test:  a class decorator that is requested in class .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  saves the value of the current axes:: module to read it .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   reveal
truth:  close   sequence

test:  returns an absolute url for the given path .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  saves file to data .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  saves   restoring
truth:  saves   data

test:  set port for nginx .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  set   handles
truth:  set   site

test:  clear a list of signed minus the given urls .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all recording linked to a release or a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   encapsulates
truth:  get   artists

test:  recursively represent dict .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  if path is not in cobbler mode .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  require   crop
truth:  require   directory

test:  index index to the buffer .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  hydrate   flattening
truth:  hydrate   field

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   randomise
truth:  scrub   message

test:  create a new static setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  get the internet object for the given object or property not found .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  extracts the requested token from an access_token server .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  fetch   guvectorize
truth:  fetch   oauth

test:  destroy the list of instances .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the http requests path_info as a tuple .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  yaml: artifactory-maven this trigger allows you to define "weight" on as a build after other jenkins .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  perform 2d radius of points whose value is edge-based .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   publish
truth:  computes   graph

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  deletes a list of all available event .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   borrowed
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms phasediff .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   skip
truth:  compute   difference

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  construct an object change the stdlib class .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  get a sphinx gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  returns all feedbackmessagereference endpoints associated with a given course .
truth: view that . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  tests the timezone of a mime datetime string .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  get   disables
truth:  get   datetime

test:  save a given model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  zpk filter function .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   summarize
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate a list of missing links .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   decreases
truth:  generate   documents

test:  ensure that validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  process   randomise
truth:  process   message

test:  test if arg is a string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given an padded transport string .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  coerce coerce to hex files .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check if an image is in the dimensions of an image .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   forwards
truth:  check   image

test:  returns a single raw backward compatibility with the same length as the length in r .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  generate all permutations of a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   echoes
truth:  generate   prefixes

test:  returns a default value of fallback .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  setup a ec2_connect .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  write out the specified package .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  clean   simplifies
truth:  clean   packages

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  calculate the md5sum of a file .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  returns chi amount of dimension dim from physical dimensions .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  ensure function with passed properties is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   backup
truth:  ensure   properties

test:  mask an email address .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  mask   based
truth:  mask   address

test:  convert the given numba type to a type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  converts   flip
truth:  converts   python

test:  converts a posix timestamp to a child process with the given name .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  shut   explode
truth:  shut   processes

test:  new field form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns a term term based on the image_ref basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  query parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get symbol by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  create a new threaded that runs the given threadpool on interface .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   childnodes
truth:  provide   timestamp

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  perform a munge .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  pulls   advance
truth:  pulls   title

test:  get a path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  helper function to check if two strings are equal .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return the correct store .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  store   randomise
truth:  store   message

test:  estimate the linear histogram of an array .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  repeat   exposes
truth:  repeat   values

test:  remove whitespace at the beginning of each line .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  request a task to have a xmodule object in bulk .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  execute the given function while passing a function .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  returns an event object .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   xyz
truth:  find   logarithm

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   disallow
truth:  get   identifiers

test:  add inc data to a single group .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  generate   datasets

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  ljust -> string return a ljust version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get the one-off object associated with the given json .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  takes   instantiate
truth:  takes   arguments

test:  parse dictionary values and update expressions .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  breaks   pulls
truth:  breaks   null

test:  extract the version from the final date .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  format   shared
truth:  format   string

test:  get the default options .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   cie
truth:  use   predicate

test:  signal resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a tuple of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  return   dst
truth:  return   c

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the p-th group of a network by applying a penalty to the parameters or group of the input penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   digs
truth:  adds   html

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   exploit
truth:  remove   duplicates

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  creates the entire ca certificates .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  ensure   forgets
truth:  ensure   filesystem

test:  run the processed tests .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  assure   resolved
truth:  assure   threads

test:  start a given service .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value given the value t [0 .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  encode a string using base64 .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new account .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  list   bartels
truth:  list   contents

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   embedded
truth:  swap   example

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with no data loaded into memory .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  train   debugging
truth:  train   dataset

test:  delete an instance or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a string of the form [0 .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  returns a list of unique constraints names .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  number of mv for a mixture .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   pulls
truth:  sample   null

test:  splits a string into an / .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  like the resistors .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  interpret   store
truth:  interpret   memory

test:  guess the extension type for this package based on the mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  guess   extension

test:  search for a query to be ok .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  get the temporary plugin entry .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   shortens
truth:  retrieve   classes

test:  group add form .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  prepares the specified zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  halt   start
truth:  halt   zone

test:  return yann n .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  get a list of domains from a cert .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   estimating
truth:  get   domains

test:  return true if s consists of multiple signs in metastrings .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  get the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return a float value with the given number .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  use the nl dataframe to scrub the metadata headers .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  removes   terminate
truth:  removes   password

test:  default function for printing session .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  decodes document object of prospective_search result post request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  decodes   forms
truth:  decodes   result

test:  return filename if it is a expanded .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  roll capturing of the cluster .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  compute epipole path .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  divide *val* .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  return   induce
truth:  return   testing

test:  set new video key .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  based on input value .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  compute the log proba proba function .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  calculate   suppose
truth:  calculate   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  the max vector .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalized   decorating
truth:  normalized   log

test:  if there is a slice of 0 .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  compute   sympy
truth:  compute   slice

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  ensure that the nearest library v is available .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  verify   opened
truth:  verify   re

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  converts attributes into a valid html document .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   deployed
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove the named application from the application .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   d

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   deflate
truth:  assert   config

test:  run a command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  convert int .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   reshapes
truth:  encodes   serialization

test:  restart a google server .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   freezing
truth:  restart   configuration

test:  update the keys in the given apikey cli example: .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  fftsurr kernel detrending .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   seq
truth:  compute   fft

test:  return a list of available postgresql services cli example: .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  dump error message but continue .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  validate an next text regex .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validate   decorate
truth:  validate   matches

test:  convert images to reduce images .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  whether a site has a quantity .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  internal method to push a new record .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  pushing   unquote
truth:  pushing   note

test:  render the javascript source file .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  render   pending
truth:  render   default

test:  access to the cached inventory size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  access   adjust
truth:  access   inventory

test:  updates a dict .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  takes   unquoting
truth:  takes   environment

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  compute the power spectral density of f and order o .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  try   imposes
truth:  try   f

test:  check that the ecl does not work on other distance between arrays and that it is never work and that it does not give a tolerance .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  extracts a identifier and identifier from the given service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  take   uncheck
truth:  take   element

test:  dump a message with the given id .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  validate and return a valid date for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  builds the asset prefix for the given target class .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  if we are not built on the site .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  pulls   rounded
truth:  pulls   purpose

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   regroups
truth:  execute   rendering

test:  find the time audioclip in a infinite audioclip .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  loops   evaluate
truth:  loops   clip

test:  get password for a given doctype .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  return current serial nos to stock values .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  unsubscribe a email .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  compute the geometric factorization of each value in the passed array .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  get all visible legalpage .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get the maximum of the current transaction .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   tear
truth:  unregister   module

test:  test either bring or matrix of arrays .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   minimize
truth:  tests   theano

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  build a factory to build a string from a dict .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   equalize
truth:  build   email

test:  verify that the casava has validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   lash
truth:  assert   validation

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  list   increase
truth:  list   nodes

test:  fixture that reverse text fixture .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the bcache device are identical with a given name .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  decorator to mark a function as a tag for debugging .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  pulls   drawing
truth:  pulls   tags

test:  parse least-recently-used statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given a task name and a task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a string with spaces .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurse   sleep
truth:  recurse   files

test:  initialize the global resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  return a dict with unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  sends notification event .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  return true if the named service is running cli example: .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  imports an import module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   tear
truth:  imports   module

test:  intialize the module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  compute the categorical distance between two axes .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  set the 304 dispatch to dispatch or stored in the request .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  select select a list of best individuals .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  returns a dict of apple members for the given binary .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  given   indicating
truth:  given   images

test:  denormalize_form_dict -> a form of dictionary .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  process a message to python message if it was not found .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  process   labeled
truth:  process   file

test:  load a model from a file .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  pulls   pushing
truth:  pulls   model

test:  build the html documentation .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  check for linode configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  returns the http request object .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  create an entityid for use in configuring device .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has no distributions otherwise .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  pulls   hovering
truth:  pulls   vcs

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the feature turned .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  import a list of file .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  updates the parameters .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  build a profile map file system configuration .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  convert   deflate
truth:  convert   config

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   added
truth:  detects   p

test:  test for nastiness-removal in scripts .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  test   changes
truth:  test   languages

test:  coerces a console instance to the proper keys and console .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decrypt a string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  install a psget socket .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  mark   extracts
truth:  mark   socket

test:  convert a string argument to a byte string .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  log a message with the given username .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  returns a degree c c c and right ma values .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   cleaning
truth:  creates   matrix

test:  read styles from file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  returns a generic series with the same types as the value and the passed types .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate some nvidia for a single numpy array .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   igor
truth:  test   device

test:  turn a list of participants into a dictionary .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  computes   unrooted
truth:  computes   differences

test:  validates the contents of an xml file .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   labeled
truth:  validate   file

test:  extract a volume from the datasets that flows to their join values .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   shared
truth:  find   string

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   joins
truth:  ensure   cluster

test:  returns the title title in a package if it is not none .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  return the key from a text buffer .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   failing
truth:  convert   style

test:  delete a job by id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  return volumes object .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  get   xlsx
truth:  get   query

test:  move the history on the left .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   remove
truth:  move   history

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  base64   flashes
truth:  base64   characters

test:  get a parsed server .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  function   forbid
truth:  function   options

test:  decorator: automatically calls f .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  generic script test .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  perform the source files are glob directly .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of the custom images .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  start the standalone mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   created
truth:  start   mode

test:  update the cache slug in the file .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  if the given path is an html file .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  note   wait
truth:  note   servers

test:  fetches a student .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  function   escapes
truth:  function   student

test:  cleans the ccx contents of a ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  given a list of key-value pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  opens and returns contents .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  function   stores
truth:  function   name

test:  remove a block device mapping from the devices .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  return the line corresponding to an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  convert the libcloud gceaddress object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars and allchars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  skip test unless the given command is loaded .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  parse the user password like passwd and return a tuple with it .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   allocate
truth:  validates   user

test:  prints the javascript of an expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   associate
truth:  function   expressions

test:  set and return a version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  display   extract
truth:  display   version

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  converts a subscription response to an integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  takes a commit and returns the commit range of the commit .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a specific sm volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  parse the first argument .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  api: execute a test on one or more test .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  helper function to easily define functions that return a set of strings in k[x] expressions .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  find   constrained
truth:  find   functions

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a nested list .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reads a chunk of files .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  sets the value for the given configuration dictionary .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   pending
truth:  do   default

test:  set virt number .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  get receiver from sender and standard receivers .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes nodes and first two arrays .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  get a list of float64overwrite members for an audio file .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  pulls   atom
truth:  pulls   audio

test:  retrieves the grains from the network device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  get by unique float .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  manage server log format for smtp virtual server .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  manage   been
truth:  manage   format

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   timing
truth:  use   spaces

test:  make sure that the hibernate will be used .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  estimate the matrix of two different features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  return the line number in the list .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  attempt to delete a vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  stop   hostname
truth:  stop   vm

test:  helper function to bernoulli connections .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  length-byte stream of random data from a seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   takes
truth:  stream   stream

test:  get a list of the package in a package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  reads   bartels
truth:  reads   contents

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  checks if g is a groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  check   translated
truth:  check   g

test:  return the job id .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a json sink to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  check whether value is a have any correctness .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  test   enhance
truth:  test   items

test:  github issue outputs the same overlay of g .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   overlay

test:  returns a list of current zones cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  displays   switch
truth:  displays   list

test:  creates a package and returns its grains .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   downloading
truth:  creates   package

test:  parse a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   small_stmts
truth:  decode   line

test:  xxx: this enables all errors that are included in models .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  handler for subordinate .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   unbinds
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns the top exploration rated .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  renders the placeholder configuration .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   applying
truth:  render   placeholder

test:  adds or updates a key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  attach   holding
truth:  attach   policy

test:  construct multiple objects .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   leaves
truth:  returns   dictionaries

test:  display the current metric nodes whose names match the given regular expression .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   exposes
truth:  display   values

test:  return matching files .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  check   uploading
truth:  check   job

test:  lowering of degree in an interval .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   constrained
truth:  replace   functions

test:  get geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   form
truth:  get   side

test:  create a temporary file on the requested/ server .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return configuration .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return the status of a particular variable .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  install application-specific wmf image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   gosub
truth:  install   hdf5

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   pulls
truth:  estimate   null

test:  use sortcap chunks to defaultdict chunks by a single file .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  sort   rename
truth:  sort   members

test:  escape markdown characters .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  method decorator to check if the target is a method of the command line .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  return a standard deviation with the ldap key .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  return the studio help links .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  return   dictate
truth:  return   studio

test:  write translations file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  find all ancestor entities of a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a arrowvisual properties is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  compute a gaussian epoch .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  function   grant
truth:  function   power

test:  recursively search the source line from popularity .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  tries to guess a list of files .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   labeled
truth:  guess   file

test:  returns an team team state .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  save a saves to disk .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   documents
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a log entry resource to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return a dictionary with the broken aspect setting for the given language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns a list of handlers .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   backported
truth:  return   handlers

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a list of javascript file representing a list of occurring suitable for use in javascript code .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  stops containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   paste
truth:  stop   containers

test:  generate the generated localized events .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generates   fitnesse
truth:  generates   events

test:  given a path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  check if a bound is overlap .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  return   bounding

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  prints a database to parses table from the database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  extracts the raw documentation for the given language .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   string
truth:  extracts   texts

test:  decorator for runs a method with the same arguments .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load an rsa private key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  load   listen
truth:  load   key

test:  get a string .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  format   temperature
truth:  format   date

test:  add git command to xml .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compiles a list of notification of an pillar modules .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  open the current locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   enhanced
truth:  translates   object

test:  add host .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  color   step
truth:  color   names

test:  find the clip in a region .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  pulls   execute
truth:  pulls   region

test:  remove -> str return the functions in string .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a default modulestore instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an image with the given oracle .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   suppose
truth:  applies   algorithm

test:  check if named service is installed on boot cli example: .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  returns a dict with the given cursor .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  start tasks in a thread .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   deallocate
truth:  start   worker

test:  returns a sort of a sequence of two dimensional distribution .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print limit entries from the given tb stack trace .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  use this function to return the points in a list of points .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   restrict
truth:  is   array

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  recapitalizes   supports
truth:  recapitalizes   text

test:  restful crud sample data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  samples   eliminates
truth:  samples   elements

test:  returns a list of threshold threshold that match the given registry .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  restful interface to delete all orphan for a given course .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  run statement under windows .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   compresses
truth:  executes   statement

test:  test that the functions of dir works like the inputspace .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  returns a list of tuples of all accessible xblocks that are accessible to the given course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return true if f is a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  automatically sets single login event .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a upper root in zero and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get the version string of the current linux distribution .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other member than a fitness .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  adds initial callback for the application .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  connect   pick
truth:  connect   callback

test:  get a driver type from the provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  check if user has access to the course with this course_key .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about a random expression .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   signals
truth:  return   moment

test:  get detailed rotation status for a key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  resolve an ndim=2 or request .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  merge the list of dicts .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  load a login status .
truth: login to router . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  coerce the given environment so that it is only built .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  change   unquoting
truth:  change   environment

test:  simple case of uploading one partition of uploading .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  try   ellipsoid
truth:  try   pool

test:  returns a formatted output with the given color .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  return the contract file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a transaction transaction id to a new transaction id .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  this function makes a default context manager for getting the given args .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  returns a list of the names of the given filename .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  pulls   fail
truth:  pulls   virtualenv

test:  decorator to make a function that returns a handle .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  convert iops .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  display a legend graph for a marker file .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  display   publish
truth:  display   graph

test:  parses the canonical article for a given imdb .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  ensure x is binarize .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  boolean   restrict
truth:  boolean   array

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   resample
truth:  list   directories

test:  validate a parameter param .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  retrieves   talking
truth:  retrieves   dict

test:  helper to format text .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  split   gauss
truth:  split   strings

test:  computes the bounding bounding box of two images .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  define a new interval that is used to provide log .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  used   stripping
truth:  used   step

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  determine   restricts
truth:  determine   inset

test:  create or add a parameter from a given mapi .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  return the current device .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  get the skeleton of a function .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return the 1024 text in a posix changeset changeset .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  return a human-readable type for a given object .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  call available linode lights .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  allows a user to ban a user .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  ban   allocate
truth:  ban   user

test:  returns databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  detect a compute independence algorithm .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  setup iframe index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  build   regressiont
truth:  build   index

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   monkeypatch
truth:  remove   geonode

test:  get an ip address for a requests .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  derivative of %z .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  setup the test template echo .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  changes   lambda
truth:  changes   django

test:  returns the expression of a sympy expression .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieves the extension .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  static perspective .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  determine if the strings can be joined into a single line number .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns a short .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   mutes
truth:  get   app

test:  test dictionary of rs_tanh types .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get path from begin and xml element .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  helper to fill an object .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accept the current comment .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  returns the address of the elastic elastic type .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  attempts to get rid of a vm to find the machine with the specified id .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  compares exception and optionally build in exception .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  asserts   randomise
truth:  asserts   message

test:  returns the join tree in the available word .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  apply   paste
truth:  apply   containers

test:  read text table designed for humans and marker in a wrong table .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  return nth encoding of a binary .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  get the ctf data .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  object   crop
truth:  object   directory

test:  test lae of x and lae .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone and slave for a given slaves .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return true if tuple is a boolean containing a given tags .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 7 higher bits .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  call c{main} .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  return an feature structure that is variable bound to each variable bound by replacing each variable bound .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  remove all pending docker iterators .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  get   datetimes
truth:  get   epoch

test:  checks if a string is present .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the align align for the primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  perform   identify
truth:  perform   alignment

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  returns the requested config file for a given path .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  parse   password
truth:  parse   atom

test:  get or set the radial set on a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  creates a list of dicts .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   querying
truth:  create   actions

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this is called after the test suite .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  check whether the given class name is a string resource .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  check   safe_octal
truth:  check   class

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  read the strings in a minimum file .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  copy master to file .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  require the templates/project0/ loaded .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  returns a new qualified object for the targets .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  default list page .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  revoke a clientsecrets from a clientsecrets file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   hash
truth:  create   flow

test:  get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to milliseconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  alpha alpha chars to radian length .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  construct   decoding
truth:  construct   lists

test:  default literal block depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  rabins polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parses a list of tests that backslashes test suite .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  build   mounts
truth:  build   objects

test:  upload an s3 to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  returns the number of elements in the iterable that are not equal to the given number of tables .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  guess spatial thinning of an image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  make   batched
truth:  make   guess

test:  parses a named named named character .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   emitting
truth:  parses   character

test:  helper function to add "value" to a dict .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add or disable an existing dataverse .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  verifies   expose
truth:  verifies   credentials

test:  return the number of times in the list of arguments .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  language: fr -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  update the windows password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   terminate
truth:  returns   password

test:  automatically return a string for an attribute value .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make a class instance from a class instance .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  adds a single event with a module .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  ensure that pg characters raises an exception if not .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  run the final graph g .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   offset
truth:  renders   parameters

test:  list the packages currently installed name the name of the package to install version for each package .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  searches   commit
truth:  searches   repository

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   structurize
truth:  determines   kevent

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  returns a string representation of the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a ca file using mkstemp() .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   gunzip
truth:  concatenate   certificates

test:  set the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  update   parsefile
truth:  update   descriptor

test:  get unpacked loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   recommended
truth:  remove   art

test:  return an image to file .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns true if the given constant is a constant time strings .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  task time slot delete page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  time   activate
truth:  time   delete

test:  computes the coefficient of variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   silence
truth:  computes   variation

test:  computes the p-th normal distribution .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the pairwise kernels of a matrix whose name is in parallel .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  compute   attributes
truth:  compute   arrays

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  this will add links to a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  return   transfers
truth:  return   plan

test:  create an project along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the datastore storage key from the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  return system libraries installed via acpi and discards the last image .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  call   initializes
truth:  call   program

test:  verify authorization with http basic auth .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   format_alignment
truth:  pulls   authentication

test:  write the output to a node .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  render   looping
truth:  render   node

test:  look up an ne method .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  get block device mapping for a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  load a path of the outline implementations .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  transforms   something

test:  return the attribute of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the result of a input .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  delete an inventory class .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   adjust
truth:  delete   inventory

test:  helper to load changed on config file .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  load the recarray dataset and return a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  sort a non-zero ip address .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   pulls
truth:  ip   null

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  handles a form for shell .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  register api calls .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  context manager for writing validation to a python exception .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  pids pids of process .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  kill   printed
truth:  kill   pattern

test:  renders a comment .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   batch
truth:  renders   code

test:  mean absolute error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  mean   offset
truth:  mean   parameters

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  courses controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of all handlers .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  find   backported
truth:  find   handlers

test:  compute wi .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  round   downgrades
truth:  round   point

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   constrain
truth:  verify   attribute

test:  load the current dynamic unittest .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  extracts and returns the javascript code of the current language .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  change the first two instances of an existing viewpoint .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  control   colorized
truth:  control   context

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   unlocking
truth:  given   source

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   assigned
truth:  close   room

test:  extracts the contents of the specified version from the command line .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  take   pulls
truth:  take   null

test:  computes the p-th of a tensor and a given tensor .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  turns a device name into its operating system .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  matches   stream
truth:  matches   returns

test:  make sure nested prefix is properly installed .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  prefix   colorized
truth:  prefix   context

test:  rename files in a single container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   satisfy
truth:  rename   container

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  attach a json epics representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   mutate
truth:  attach   column

test:  modify a group of parameter .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  test that the base range of range [0 .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the widened socket .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  retrieves the primary vdi for a vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   rollback
truth:  retrieves   vdi

test:  imports field .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  shows the standby .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  write a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check that weights of the right weights argument .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   rescanning
truth:  check   weights

test:  check if the given metadata is metadata .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  return a elastic identity instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   fake
truth:  write   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   reverses
truth:  list   services

test:  returns true if user is a authorized lockable for the request .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  load block from source .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   optimized
truth:  adds   script

test:  remove the given directory .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  return true if any of the clause existence of the given surface .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  create a new mkdir directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  initializes the request instances .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   build
truth:  loads   conf

test:  get the kex .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  open paths with the os-default position .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   crop
truth:  open   directory

test:  n344 - use log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   decorating
truth:  -   log

test:  run a tornado server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  runs   clones
truth:  runs   server

test:  parse the parameter list of parameter parameters .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   switch
truth:  parse   list

test:  helper function to get an page from a qt page .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl binary is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check if the version of exonerate is recorded .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get a free space .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  require an reviewer reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  children children of the block in two block fields .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  compare   multivariate
truth:  compare   blocks

test:  set the current user .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  creates a directory atomically .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  check the status of a file in the system .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check the current permission .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a list of incomplete tuples into a string .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  convert a timestamp to the canonical string .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  builds   fly
truth:  builds   latitude

test:  attractively a floating point number file .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  make sure that either directly or gives us .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  search a packed ip address for a given ip address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  helper function to get http cached values from an http response .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a list of the names of the respective domains on the given lines cli example: .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that the format_as methods of angsep is not a model .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  convert f into a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  returns path to the test test test test test test test .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  plots a subplot plot .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  copy or disable transcript from a transcript module .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  renames   labeled
truth:  renames   file

test:  returns integer board ids .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  removes files needed for docker files .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   raising
truth:  removes   docker

test:  type add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  wrapper to create a function that calls unindent to unindent a child key function .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a course id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  create a tag for a file .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  unsets   transliterate
truth:  unsets   variable

test:  generate a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  helper to render a series view of a modbus resource view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  closes connection .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  returns the unicode text from node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  creates a pidlockfile list of scenarios with the given scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   mongodb
truth:  make   scenarios

test:  return the nodes in the graph g .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  prompt user for elasticsearch .
truth: create a role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  allows a user to follow an user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   allocate
truth:  allows   user

test:  show all help files .
truth: print help message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  imports and returns a module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   exception
truth:  load   macros

test:  return information for a particular binding cli example: .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  combine   assume
truth:  combine   header

test:  find the attribute for the specified key .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return a set of current network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  measures   itersubclasses
truth:  measures   similarity

test:  dimension a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  feed   supports
truth:  feed   text

test:  get flavor access by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get a list of all nodes in the given node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  retrieve   flip
truth:  retrieve   python

test:  ensure city is enabled .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  helper to provide a validator method for use in a url .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  twitter sessions are secure .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  a n*m includes: function inplace .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  capture a newly event .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  tracks   prioritized
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run property index file server .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   mounts
truth:  index   objects

test:  decode hex encoded value .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   flattening
truth:  decode   field

test:  returns a list of users that are with the given course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   deconvolves
truth:  list   level

test:  add node names to a node .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  generate a random integer suitable for use with randomly account .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  pulls   httperror
truth:  pulls   digit

test:  inject mongo keys for the current course .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  simple html page .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   replaced
truth:  called   digits

test:  run a shell command with an argument and return its output .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  execute   instantiate
truth:  execute   arguments

test:  returns a tuple of root_id .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  pulls   undo
truth:  pulls   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  function to check if the internal function is false .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  extract only dependencies from the reg assignments .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  run a proxy method in tests .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  writes data to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  updates media files .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  make a pattern that doesnt match pattern or return a pattern .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  deletes an argument .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  encapsulates   utf-8
truth:  encapsulates   argument

test:  returns a formatted date in a utc timestamp .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  taken from a stream .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  create a set of unknown tasks .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the overall reciprocity for a graph g in g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  attach tags to a group of objects and m2 instance .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  fetch   drawing
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  return a testhandler instance for a tag and the tag .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   enhanced
truth:  make   object

test:  finds all migrations of the first non-none .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  retrieve a list of tasks for an accessor .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  return   associated
truth:  return   listing

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  return the functions .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  install a custom ssh task key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   review
truth:  install   keys

test:  main program function .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  expected   inputhook
truth:  expected   sys

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init worker .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  quote a dataframe .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  only work on openbsd systems .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  check that the value is a valid string .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   located
truth:  implements   method

test:  return a list of jobs .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  filter   protects
truth:  filter   args

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  update a maximum value of config values .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  function   orthonormalizes
truth:  function   min

test:  return the common offset of a pair of strings .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  pulls   wrap
truth:  pulls   defaultdict

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns an iterable of common topics .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return an cached cached cached functions given the function kwargs .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  print the label to stdout .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  serializes a single notebook .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  return   digs
truth:  return   html

test:  order messages that has been sort by the given sort .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   randomise
truth:  sort   message

test:  find the full path where a given file is located .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  provide an item to the latest json back otherwise output of the vm - the location - it will provide the cib of the item to the map an item
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  scale image to a given width and height .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  test to ensure option v can be set to a child script .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  return a list of all supported files in the specified directory .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  destroys vdi vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  initialize logging .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   inquire
truth:  initialize   tool

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  run openpyxl in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  parametric parametric device include available within a number of strings .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  start   igor
truth:  start   device

test:  return the first line of the command line .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the graftpoints dictionary into a dictionary .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  get the host for elastic mapreduce in the given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  updates routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  patch   grouping
truth:  patch   system

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  custom handler for restricted requests .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get a time in usec since the epoch as a time .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  show unicode character literal string from another server .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  yaml: rundeck this plugin publishes rundeck requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:scp plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   homebrew_packages
truth:  traverse   structure

test:  detach accept accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   alignment
truth:  detach   section

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  perform a class attribute on the given type .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  run either the q() environment variables .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the standard team in a team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  format a number .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  return the value for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  iterate over all modules in format .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  complete   assign
truth:  complete   requests

test:  generates a unique user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  helper function for resolving a figure and a variety of the click .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  calculates the search search of a sequence in a series of numbers .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  search   binds
truth:  search   dna

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  check   trim
truth:  check   support

test:  get the billable and the associated with a given campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  add a nick .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  given a public value .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  clone   bench
truth:  clone   value

test:  return info on a named virtual machine cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  main program .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  run   flip
truth:  run   python

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  activate animations to a page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  step 2 .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  replaces instances of old diff codes .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   weblate
truth:  remove   references

test:  write metadata at a new command line .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  send a response object json .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  handle the twitter account settings .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  call   drops
truth:  call   call

test:  build a thing2 thing2 that can be found in a list of national values .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  converts   r^2
truth:  converts   form

test:  callback for key=value ports which it exists .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check a string for use in a regular expression .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  check parallel prompt for user .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update cached renewed and updates with query .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  list closed issues given a single list of issues and an issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  checks   augments
truth:  checks   issues

test:  test the output of a variable with a correct number .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  upload upload data to flask application notifications .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  clone a zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   zone

test:  checks api microversions range and look for a test .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  select   carry
truth:  select   test

test:  parse the given value by rfc 2822 .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   utf-8
truth:  parse   argument

test:  expects existing student of user .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  mark   escapes
truth:  mark   student

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  run a service .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  assumes   pulls
truth:  assumes   null

test:  formats the given tokens to bytes .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from delta .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   assume
truth:  outputs   header

test:  call signature:: .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  split f into correspondences .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  return   introduce
truth:  return   l

test:  get a list of available additional values cli example: .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   offset
truth:  list   parameters

test:  hide an existing tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  hide   bypassing
truth:  hide   tweet

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  require   resorts
truth:  require   python2

test:  determine whether there are chocolatey file that should be chocolatey .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  make a row representation of a unifrac .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  equivalent to html .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  check if tuples of event events are within a given axis .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  concatenate   decoding
truth:  concatenate   lists

test:  checks if minute .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the points .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  opengl opengl configuration to render our registered cert .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  -   fake
truth:  -   load

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  temperature   del
truth:  temperature   gcode

test:  count the number of indices where we have been added .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  pulls   reverse
truth:  pulls   permutation

test:  check that the original header might have either name1: or a fits header .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   break
truth:  make   operations

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with union select full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  appends   show
truth:  appends   notes

test:  basic verification that the ipython extension map .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   issue
truth:  load   ipython

test:  get the local backend name for the given backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  serve the mogilefs .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  called   allocate
truth:  called   user

test:  check that stcs of two ndarrays are equal .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  sets up the client .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  mark   knapsack
truth:  mark   request

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  return   decimate
truth:  return   constructor

test:  extract certificate data from a dict or notifies user .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  parse   producing
truth:  parse   certificate

test:  setup the snmp component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  returns a node of the met for the given package .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  add   extract
truth:  add   version

test:  dimitem : id | field_id | testlist | boolconstant | const_list | dimitem | const_ref .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  parse a query string like abc into a tuple .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   scop
truth:  returns   token

test:  return old correlation between functions and values parameters arr : object or function object .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  detect   exposes
truth:  detect   values

test:  only work on python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  computes a log ais .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  chop a bug out of artifact-days-to-keep: characters .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  chop   pulls
truth:  chop   null

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that the tpot header is found .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  delete a demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   reallocation
truth:  loads   collection

test:  setting and verifies a cookie value by setting it to down .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  breaks   modbus
truth:  breaks   cookie

test:  returns a profile_image_names .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  this outputs a thread requisite who percentage between a value .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   capitalize
truth:  convert   distances

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  list currently header/data policies .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return compactionstats cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  get the keys or factor" class for the received repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator for disabling signals sent to a course .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create all parameters needed to register multiple times .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   reads
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  returns true if the given method has a valid method .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  export a backing component of cloud storage .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   responds
truth:  repairs   database

test:  validate the module .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  convert hex string to octets .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   flow
truth:  convert   fields

test:  generate a git hash .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   authorizes
truth:  generates   command

test:  parse cuda grant fields into a dict .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  extract   aliased
truth:  extract   json

test:  element-wise extension in schemas that will never be elements of schemas .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  deletes a workflow .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   sleep
truth:  delete   files

test:  lists all the vlan has completed .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  gets a lazy tuple with keys and list of the given operation .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  schedule   reported
truth:  schedule   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   convert
truth:  merges   sequences

test:  add a text to the beginning of a given prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  add   taken
truth:  add   beginning

test:  helper function to load xmlrpc xml string from an account .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns json activity for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   lbrace
truth:  returns   activity

test:  create a local service for testing .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  create a table of agent and return a dict of the filenames .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return an iterator of bayesian objects .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  pulls   syncing
truth:  pulls   hermite

test:  displays the amount of idle time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   reloads
truth:  display   amount

test:  build an api url for use in client authentication .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  generate   cloning
truth:  generate   github

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  override a package in galaxy_root .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  copy a file to the canonical path .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   wanted
truth:  copy   filename

test:  returns whether the given array represents a numpy array .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  determine   restrict
truth:  determine   array

test:  moves an html representation of a keys in a dictionary .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  push   uncheck
truth:  push   element

test:  writes the acoustid to disk .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  get   specified
truth:  get   fingerprint

test:  rechunk is the current block rechunk of a specified block .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  plan   pulls
truth:  plan   null

test:  create a role cli example: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  returns a hosts file in the given host .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  create a tuple from a :class:pyramid .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   talking
truth:  convert   dict

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  a rx_msgs decorator to call a service .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  concatenate   default
truth:  concatenate   part

test:  returns a random graph between a exposing .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  validate that the request user is properly formatted for dec .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  get a list of all available packages in the directory tree .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns link to weblate url .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  returns   documentation

test:  format a datetime object for display .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  apply   support
truth:  apply   time

test:  returns a list of courses courses for a provided user .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   disconnect
truth:  returns   courses

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in k[x] .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   r^2
truth:  compute   form

test:  retrieves the global query of the given hash and return it .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  perform   xlsx
truth:  perform   query

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   mounts
truth:  filters   objects

test:  sleep t seconds before the system will fail .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   grouping
truth:  sleep   system

test:  install the wx mainloop to be run inside cfrunloop .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   trim
truth:  install   support

test:  returns an attribute value from a python object .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  function   defines
truth:  function   attributes

test:  return a string describing an instances .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  same as a ^ b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  install pyenv if not installed .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   embedded
truth:  install   example

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configures   unquoting
truth:  configures   environment

test:  interpolate by channel channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  test to verify if a dataset already exists .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  all returns an purpose purpose .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  return a dictionary form of the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate a dictionary of features .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  apply   pushing
truth:  apply   model

test:  validate a pair of correct values .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the colormap of input image .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  decorator to bear an element to the initial queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  analyze   thrusting
truth:  analyze   space

test:  fake expression helper for parsing nodelist .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  convert   initalizes
truth:  convert   dns

test:  find an ipython table for a given type .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  checks   resets
truth:  checks   beautifulsoup

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor object .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   slave_open
truth:  create   media

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  pulls   activate
truth:  pulls   delete

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   indexes
truth:  destroy   snapshot

test:  check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has the them .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validate that the mongo type is a valid servicetype type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  verify   requesting
truth:  verify   i

test:  override the easy_install .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a dates or not timezone-aware into a timezone-aware datetime .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  helper method to return a url .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  validate   access
truth:  validate   url

test:  default widget form .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  install the domain as a string .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   crack
truth:  install   _

test:  check to make sure the default plot works .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checking the error code returned by the parser function .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   batch
truth:  error   code

test:  crypto nulltranslations and fill them .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sorts   pulls
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load a binary file into memory .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  loads   carve
truth:  loads   word

test:  parses keyword argument into a registration requests for the given request .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   offset
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  returns a test suite for a test case .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   reflect
truth:  return   testcase

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  returns the compressor global available compressor .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   removes
truth:  returns   gzip

test:  load the provided data .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  scenario on scenario example to support certbot .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  converts text to a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  find a file names like a string .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  tests that the same labels with the same labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  fixture to return a url for the given id .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  url   storing
truth:  url   template

test:  remove a css class from the css classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   safe_octal
truth:  remove   class

test:  function that converts expr to a string .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   pauses
truth:  function   printing

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  check sparse dataset .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos and macos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add hosts to the aggregate .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   bundled
truth:  add   aggregate

test:  ensure plugin is run correctly .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  make sure that all whitespace in the whitespace for logging .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  make   comma
truth:  make   whitespace

test:  update pre event .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  enable   belong
truth:  enable   hook

test:  helper method to search fields for search .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  saves a file object to disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   restrict
truth:  saves   array

test:  chomp commit to the version string .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode data using pythons byte string .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   negate
truth:  decode   resource

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  write a source script to a file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  source   optimized
truth:  source   script

test:  removes the prefix from the url prefix and add it to the start of a given prefix .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   manage
truth:  join   fragment

test:  perform two files read more than one or more images .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   coordinates
truth:  gives   exploration

test:  click a html component of a content-disposition: with the specified menu .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   stores
truth:  normalize   name

test:  create a general inheritance_diagram inheritance_diagram config .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  parses html links .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  leave   saves
truth:  leave   links

test:  add workers table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   flattening
truth:  add   field

test:  display the user .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  returns   elasticsearch

test:  returns a boolean that are sorted in the given domain .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  this is called only when the server starts "cold" .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  wrap a function so that results for non functions calls to pickle .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  caches   dispatched
truth:  caches   calls

test:  compute image part for a single image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  a simple view that doesnt generate a license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  pulls   count
truth:  pulls   lms

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   dereference
truth:  returns   width

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  compute bit array .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  returns a random integer in degrees of the app .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk on-disk map are stored .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  call a generator function with a user .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  run tests .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  escape a string suitable for use in a url .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  create a mongodb user instance .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  compare the replication comparison of desired strings .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  get the string representation of the xml xml as a dictionary .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   autoencoder
truth:  return   xml

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  validator for stack platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  returns the elapsed time .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   branching
truth:  calls   progress

test:  converts data to default .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   destroy
truth:  maps   dtype

test:  get current audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   flattens
truth:  configures   output

test:  provide data for the analytics dashboard section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  the score of the input score .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  regularized   filesize
truth:  regularized   derivative

test:  attempts to expand a column in a sequence .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  parses the backup info file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the list of cover art associated with a given request .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   pressing
truth:  get   cover

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return a hashlib tree dictionary .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  update download page .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  find   lowess
truth:  find   tomcat

test:  returns a reasonable instance of a generic type .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  validate that the correct configuration files .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  test overlapping before having one matcher .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  display a specific database database database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  exists   retrying
truth:  exists   compatibility

test:  return the inverse of a 3d tensor .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns a timezone aware datetime object for the current time zone .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  calls   safe_octal
truth:  calls   class

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  parameter .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   format
truth:  init   parameter

test:  asserts specified text of the first element matching the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   supports
truth:  asserts   text

test:  return the version of the named version .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a new copy of the values of the the the mapping .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  given   multivariate
truth:  given   blocks

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   lets
truth:  document   handler

test:  set the random state .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  set   currents
truth:  set   state

test:  retrieve all credit requests for a particular user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  make verbose .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  create a new blockdevicevolume with a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  track the recent parser of truth track .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  coerce data to a string .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  retrieve   shared
truth:  retrieve   string

test:  error checking on routines that return explicitly one of the routines .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  cache-ing implementation of the behavior of a shortest-path durations .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns the given string converted to the given string .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if the user has visible to a particular user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  build the celery error message .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  returns root urls for a given image .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns the list of all images for the given product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  return the system time for a given range of the current time .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   digs
truth:  convert   html

test:  get ordered outside loops .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  run a command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  view that allow a user to change a password to a password .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  change   bring
truth:  change   page

test:  import that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   enhanced
truth:  import   object

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  project list of lanczos precision .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  produce   offset
truth:  produce   parameters

test:  fork off a process .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the number of comments for a line .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution uses rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  return the average times .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a qimage color to an array .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   host
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the numba timeout is set correctly .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  a context manager that attaches a secret to an object .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns all exploration summaries for the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read styles entries from the cache for every successful cache .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  if the current thread is corresponding to a delay function .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  is   coupling
truth:  is   target

test:  returns a new servererror equity defined in the order to be found on the cib of the server .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  log a message with severity exception on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  factory function for creating a test class .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a enforces member in the given port .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  looks for a single filename .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  reads   prettyprint
truth:  reads   examples

test:  return information about a tablespace .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  specified a file in the csv file .
truth: main function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove the given html and b from a string .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  read a string from the buffer offset .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   hacked
truth:  reads   buffer

test:  setup a figure axes for a set of axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  pulls   socket
truth:  pulls   projection

test:  parse a dictionary of strings to a tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  for a good precedence in rpar order .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   localize
truth:  test   reference

test:  return default deadline for credit .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  view .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   given
truth:  view   register

test:  find search by field .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  extract the projects name from a device name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get the joined file path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  undo the root logger .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undoes   demonstrates
truth:  undoes   setup

test:  api: execute a test on a push .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  get the default object values .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  manages the communication between this process and the call queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  format a string representation of a pyrax parameter .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  yaml: critical this plug-in allows you to end project .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  look up the key for an key in the registry for a key .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  create two continuous random variable of the first ordinal .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  taken   contributed
truth:  taken   t

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  perform registration on remote server with provided keys .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  gets   r^2
truth:  gets   form

test:  returns a key for the given key .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  ignore if the supplied key is missing .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  if the schedule has changed .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  try   indices
truth:  try   kb

test:  return translations .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  cache   mounts
truth:  cache   objects

test:  add a new course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   catch
truth:  create   course

test:  find absolute path .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  get a public ip blocks .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  download and print the tarball .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a iterator .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  perform supervisor object of a single video output .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  downloads   inform
truth:  downloads   entry

test:  returns the default location of the specified configuration file .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  return a amount of hash strings .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  return a dict of srs -> list of srs that provided be used by the dictionary .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  takes   mignotte
truth:  takes   things

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   assume
truth:  adds   header

test:  wrapper around four window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  loss loss function .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  performs   plugin
truth:  performs   division

test:  decorator to mark an api method as not called in execution mode .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  assignment star differential equation a0(x)y(x) + a*y .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  update git info .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   xfail
truth:  print   help

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  return a configured instance of the appropriate plugin for the given storage instance .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  find   decimals
truth:  find   storage

test:  resolves the argument to a numeric version .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns the region code that matches a phone number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  returns a profile .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   accessing
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote the nt argument of a class .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  generate a record that helps the given report .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   fragment
truth:  return   report

test:  create a directory for the files in the provided directory .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  you get a fixture parametrized internal parameters from the zoneinfo object .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  shows the given user_id_or_name for an atom .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  get a resource reference from the provided reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   pushing
truth:  retrieve   model

test:  validate that a value is multiple of choices .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  deletes a bridge .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  return a function that can advance a sequence of integer strings .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  replace backslash and braces with all the differences from text .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  trailing   determines
truth:  trailing   indexing

test:  configure configuration information for nvp clusters .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   request
truth:  configure   control

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  search for all ckan headers in the response .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  calculates bit counts for local group of creating email address .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  strips   pulls
truth:  strips   null

test:  get the current time in hours .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  deletes the route route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   astring
truth:  deletes   route

test:  returns a list of exercises a user has completed within a particular user .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  construct mongo application from a mongo .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  indices a function to be called via celery for lists .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  create a network security_group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  compute autocovariance for comparison matrix for continuous groups .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  assumes   support
truth:  assumes   time

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   reported
truth:  patches   function

test:  return a queryset of all users .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  parse distribution .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  calculate   parameter

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return num_perms .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  returns the profile configuration .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the parsed config path .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  searches the search for the given search and return its search query .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  input   visualize
truth:  input   artist

test:  process a configuration file and generate a had element .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   encapsulate
truth:  init   instance

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  gets the list of inner objects of the managed objects type .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns a list of interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   talking
truth:  provide   dict

test:  decorator ensuring that the user is a read method .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get maximum matrixsvg by interpolationoffset .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  return fp_group: parser for an integer given power of ten .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  remove all dupe .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  removes   lcmv
truth:  removes   models

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   publish
truth:  write   graph

test:  set fullscreen filter on current platforms .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  restart the scheduler routes .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  routes   undoes
truth:  routes   routes

test:  create a movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  writes   assemble
truth:  writes   movie

test:  return the normal pdf assumes x is 1d in x .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  difference of linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  divide   looking
truth:  divide   operator

test:  reuse the entire predict dictionary .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  return vertices of two sequences .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  perform the covariance m step .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field with either correct value or pow .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  join -> string return a string of the length ip indicated list .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  return a encodable string for obj .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  build a string of help words .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   restrict
truth:  scharr   array

test:  checks if the dhcp options matches dhcp on the emulator .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  finds   enhanced
truth:  finds   object

test:  kegg link - convert link .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   consisting
truth:  link   link

test:  update the keyboard backend to use .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  returns the function in a function which yields the given function in the list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  require a site configuration file .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   handles
truth:  require   site

test:  take a function or list of strings .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  verify that a string is a valid path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  update the uclust configuration virtual machine .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  setup as quoted-printable .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   attempt
truth:  setup   extension

test:  test reading a list of edges .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  asynchronously fetch a worker for the process .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  list of message extend .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  create and return a list of keys from the gpg database .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  function   review
truth:  function   keys

test:  return a list of all available formats for the given formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  list   choice
truth:  list   formats

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  check number of leading line .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   timing
truth:  return   spaces

test:  transforms a value into a generation hash .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  logs out user .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  invoke you! .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  automatically creates a unit field from a tabular field .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given an object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a regular expression containing the images .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  calls into the server .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  print a friendly exception to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  push a running system .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  push   integrityerror
truth:  push   repositories

test:  return true if the given course_key has forum access to this forum .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  boolean   colored
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  parse systemd /etc/os-release for distribution information .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  moves the given file to a tar .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  tars   sleep
truth:  tars   files

test:  reshape iterator to nested element in a sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   confirmed
truth:  unpack   length

test:  tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception exception handlers using the accept wrapper .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  processes lifecycle files and their functions in the repo docstring .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return true if the url is a valid protocol .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the preflow algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  obtain obtain relative path of code available on the device .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  pulls   encode
truth:  pulls   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get all compute services belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   based
truth:  remove   address

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return the storage rate at a particular rate .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   formatted
truth:  get   rate

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parses the ancient function function to extract the subscribers subscribers .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  renders the runtime avatar service for a specific user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  render   generate
truth:  render   users

test:  if the command is idle .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  match   reported
truth:  match   function

test:  converts the modifier result to a python module running instances .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  expand   reset
truth:  expand   reader

test:  return kernel_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create a new reason .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  attach a role counter representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   downgrades
truth:  attach   point

test:  get the number of days from a process instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  helper function to get contrast array of indices .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  add vertex element to an xml element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  create a figure and a set of sensor .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  callback   overrides
truth:  callback   channel

test:  check the root absolute mean for binary classes .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  avoid logging levels for all log .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  registers a file in the user .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  get geometryoutput manipulated by types .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  check to see if a instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the length of a phone of a phone number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config lines .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  setup the available co2 sensors .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  this function does the other data of the document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  cached   aliased
truth:  cached   json

test:  solves bernoulli order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  parses a dict of concatenated strings .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   unescapes
truth:  parse   rule

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  removes the first element from new sub list .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  insert   pulls
truth:  insert   null

test:  validate that all prime types are valid .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  this function creates a list of ips for label .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   instructs
truth:  remove   loopback

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   interpret
truth:  return   dashboard

test:  the validation to be called after the current powershell has all the installation .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   extract
truth:  require   version

test:  enable the gui .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return the default virt type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  returns whether the given string is valid for an ssl host .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns either format: date or datetime object .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  turn   enhanced
truth:  turn   object

test:  return the inter-mapper dtype for a tagged of the given parameters .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  attaches   bench
truth:  attaches   value

test:  add a due to the number of entries for a given bridge .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   expect
truth:  add   body

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  return   customized
truth:  return   salt

test:  get the signature data .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   restoring
truth:  decode   data

test:  returns the absolute path to the tests/ directory .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   disconnects
truth:  returns   dir

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a generator of items .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a random paragraph of length .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   supported
truth:  returns   paragraph

test:  returns true if the object has the permissions for user executing .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  a decorator for memoizing function calls .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the common real between a and b .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  returns the hermite interpolation function of the values a and b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  returns   downgrades
truth:  returns   point

test:  convert from a time to the dirty one .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  idlist : idlist | ruleitem | idlist | idlist | idlist | idlist | ruleitem divide expr | idlist .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  testing that the output of a successful feature is where the feature is unicode .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  forces an http response to the openid page .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  pulls   spawns
truth:  pulls   endpoint

test:  generate the middle file with the given filename and csv' for each script .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  like : .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the file path .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the first sentence of the object .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  get all tests from a directory .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  loads a query from the datastore .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  determine when a particular user is allowed to filter a products .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  restrict   waveform
truth:  restrict   products

test:  sets the decorated method on the class .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  pulls   defines
truth:  pulls   attributes

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  get cart cart cart code or syntax and try to reset .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  sends an email containing a default yaml file .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  this decorator makes a layer by included in the layer docs docs from the layer layers and dropping the layer result on subsequent calls .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  pulls   initialise
truth:  pulls   layers

test:  construct a string from a protobuf bytes .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a snmp **tag name**:: .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that structs works with mixin output .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  skip an eface or password of a resource struct .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   stores
truth:  decode   name

test:  decorator to create a task class out of a task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  generates polynomial of the polynomial in k[x_0 .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  retrieve quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   optimize
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   exposes
truth:  print   values

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create database manager object .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  helper to get exception data from the instance .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  removes   post_save
truth:  removes   metadata

test:  handle a window .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  extend   contructs
truth:  extend   sample

test:  get the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  delete a worker with given values .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  prints a term .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  make the same reload .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   corresponding
truth:  build   wheel

test:  updates the opkg database to latest packages cli example: .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  pulls   unroll
truth:  pulls   steps

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  split the generic path components .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  format a timestamp for a given timestamp into a timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   childnodes
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  makes logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   gauss
truth:  make   strings

test:  add an liveaction to an actionexecution compatible dict .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   decrease
truth:  request   action

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  runs a function in a subprocess .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  rewrite the user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrites   allocate
truth:  rewrites   user

test:  rest controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk revision are as intended .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   capitalizes
truth:  tests   revision

test:  fetch the experiment from the file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  determine   labeled
truth:  determine   file

test:  main function for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  pulls   contructs
truth:  pulls   sample

test:  restores the nesting nesting .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure elements need to be set .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  clone an expression structure .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   homebrew_packages
truth:  clone   structure

test:  generate the theme for the given theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   sampled
truth:  generate   footer

test:  field_id : input .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a current numeric object corresponding to source in possibly .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  returns a binary digest for the pbkdf2 hash algorithm of the pbkdf2 hash --> datetime .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  select the evaluation function from the completion of tuples .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  classify a vm vm .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   extract_array
truth:  read   tf

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   alignment
truth:  retrieve   section

test:  parses iso 8601 dates to a string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  ensure the racadm command is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  provides a function to a simple subscription .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  run axes at axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  return   interfacing
truth:  return   axes

test:  remove documents with the given document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   eliminates
truth:  removes   elements

test:  compute the rows between x and y:: .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  lazy init the service .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  detect   initializes
truth:  detect   program

test:  compute a rotated kkt .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  always predict .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  lists all ports interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  interfaces   offset
truth:  interfaces   parameters

test:  calculate the indent for a surface sum .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  calculate the rayleigh inverse of a gaussian beam .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  convert markdown text fields to html field .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  unregister an executing operator only .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  resets   trending
truth:  resets   driver

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  returns if a function is monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  tests that the items in the semaphorereset .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  returns a sequence of values to a bootstrap around the given stream .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  writes   storing
truth:  writes   template

test:  check that get_readable_fileobj replaces the same dimension as the right altaz .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  exponential linear unit function .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  because we are not always show only once .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  pulls   autoencoder
truth:  pulls   xml

test:  updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  perform the setup for vera controller devices .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   travel
truth:  perform   vera

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   carve
truth:  push   word

test:  check that initializing is small enough sign .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  test   evacuate
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a given type .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  fetch user roles from prefix .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  get outset path .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  helper function to walk a dict with nested values .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  called from django 1 .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  resolve   extract
truth:  resolve   version

test:  get a **delete** .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  displays   reorders
truth:  displays   screenshot

test:  adds a time to the array .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  returns a formatted namespace for a memcache .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  retrieve   unmarshalling
truth:  retrieve   sizes

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  returns a users user to uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  generates an absolute url to a file .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  gets information about a post .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  load py data from a file .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  this function does several returned data in a class .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterator   packed
truth:  iterator   chunks

test:  returns the version of the stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  guess a guess .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restores a database to a previous config file .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  create a directory for use by other tests .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  pull out an "instant" type built by a key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  evaluate a python expression .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   username
truth:  evaluate   calculation

test:  accepts a course id and returns a tuple .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for running tests .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  imports a library .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  test that the person cell attribute of the person is supported for the first argument .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a code string to a file .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  load a file created by filename .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns list of partitions available on device .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  makes sure that a collection of integers is still flexget .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  fix   analyzes
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator to iterate over a string .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  resolves a full path to a module .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  creates a campaign feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return harmonic calculate statistic for a given distribution .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculate   threshold
truth:  calculate   distribution

test:  return all mock mock instance some integrating .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  return absolute path component of path .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target ignoring ignoring the shortest path .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  restart traffic server on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  response to facilitate .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  name the name of package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  execute a strategic include template with a cooperative template access .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  locate   storing
truth:  locate   template

test:  a repository is an instance of a url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  if tokens is defined in the given argument .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  tokens   dtype
truth:  tokens   arg

test:  print a string with the given width and separator .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  trim any negative values of a sequence .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  eliminates   pulls
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the supplied function that downloads a given function .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  adds the atomic group to the tuple of the seeding .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  enables   pulls
truth:  enables   null

test:  check a list of plots .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  output   flask
truth:  output   times

test:  features should register tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  applied   handle
truth:  applied   features

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   unescapes
truth:  apply   rule

test:  run a command and return its output as a string .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a randomly generated random distribution .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  create   renders
truth:  create   series

test:  delete the state of a resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  establish a poem connection and return a tuple of the connected server .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if a domain is running against a boolean force force commit to be returned .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  helper function that returns a trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   applied
truth:  update   trace

test:  return requested callback for the specified thread .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  construct an asset path that uses webpack in links to be found in the correct order for git .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  filter   hits
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show usage information .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  returns a random integer .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  run a command and return its output as a subprocess .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   attriute
truth:  runs   stdout

test:  convert the supplied configuration file for the cache .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  takes   freezing
truth:  takes   configuration

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  show all available returner information .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  clear cached attributes .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  discard   added
truth:  discard   p

test:  resolve a uploads .
truth: remove " . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  check if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   takes
truth:  check   stream

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  read print format for an print .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the distro release file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  verify whether public webhook has been committed using public key .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  run an interactive python tests .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   insert
truth:  open   targets

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function takes a string and returns either this string or a regexp string and end of the string .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   shared
truth:  function   string

test:  currently executing connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  makes a version 2 .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  format the data for optionally be written to the right format .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  split a puts .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  synchronize the urls contained in the json file and values .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  given   pass
truth:  given   document

test:  delete to file descriptor on disk .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sync   restoring
truth:  sync   data

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  weighted   pulls
truth:  weighted   null

test:  handler to handle viewing .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function that raises an exception .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  check   propagates
truth:  check   qurl

test:  extract lines from a source file .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  extract   optdict
truth:  extract   lines

test:  initialize a single file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   labeled
truth:  decode   file

test:  converts python string to mbcs .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return the minimum radius of g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  return   radius

test:  updates the course creator for the type: field .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  pass   reported
truth:  pass   function

test:  returns a capabilities object for the given package .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get all thread of the last cpu .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  helper to get the class definition of a given series .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  create composite oscillator using a transparency image .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   blend
truth:  create   mask

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter percentile at a given percentile .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  creates a new port for new acid .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   deserialized
truth:  creates   bridge

test:  sets the language for the current request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  process   stretch
truth:  process   language

test:  generates unique id of an scale id .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   talking
truth:  generate   dict

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  remove invalid characters .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   block
truth:  remove   chars

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  check swiss barcodes of word2vec tuples in word2vec .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   decimals
truth:  validate   storage

test:  remove the unicode encoding in case it returns content .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  attempts   pulls
truth:  attempts   null

test:  generate and store it .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return true if the field is empty .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  parses progress from string starting html .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  pull   uploading
truth:  pull   job

test:  declaration : declaration_specifiers init_declarator_list semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  close all connections .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   receives
truth:  close   port

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decode   flip
truth:  decode   python

test:  get information about a particular version cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get all instance device mapping for a given instance_uuids .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  format a datetime to a string .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  template   hits
truth:  template   filter

test:  handle a sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  puts   vms
truth:  puts   thread

test:  send a hup to service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reverses
truth:  pulls   services

test:  utility to determine if the module has any errors .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl module is installed .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  provides   mocked
truth:  provides   runner

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   clustered
truth:  solves   equations

test:  change a random estimator .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  decorator to add a function to a decorator .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  wraps   float
truth:  wraps   decorator

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  remove a blanks and all its children .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   eliminates
truth:  remove   elements

test:  returns the tops modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   init
truth:  returns   modules

test:  render a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  delete repo_directory with a repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  tokenid : token | qliteral | code | prec .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  convert all pixel values above a posterize .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  reduce   prepopulates
truth:  reduce   bits

test:  return a minimal stream-like object with a file .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  if the user has access to a addon .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  a decorator marking that functions get after a function .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  checks if virtual server is greater than the given version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get a sphinx application .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  wrapped   stays
truth:  wrapped   sphinx

test:  provides the list of power types and power of the given power .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  helper method to wait for a trained connection with no options .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  pulls   decrease
truth:  pulls   action

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check that our certificates does not have a non-regression that it contains .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test mne checks .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   localize
truth:  find   reference

test:  returns a list of all interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  gives   switch
truth:  gives   list

test:  decorator that implement a client .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   pts
truth:  execute   rpc

test:  get generic view of signal discussion for a course .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  generate   aliased
truth:  generate   json

test:  makes sure hierarchy returns a sequence of hierarchy is a list of units with the ip addresses .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   dissassociates
truth:  return   levels

test:  evaluate two sequences at a color .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  return true if sympy/numpy/scipy is same .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   divides
truth:  return   matrices

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   listens
truth:  connect   amazon

test:  by x by y when one or both of x by y is a lineartransform instance of x and y is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme y :
truth: compute dot . 
test:  compute   boot
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects to the httpheader redirect .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  redirect   bring
truth:  redirect   page

test:  tests the workstation service to see which gets connected to use .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   sanitize
truth:  return   libraries

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  return the substitution at all but the boundaries of the solver .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  generate a test .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  returns a stub function used by the lazyloader argument to validate_config arguments .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a template string like none into a tree of numbers .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   deconvolves
truth:  parse   level

test:  convert a timestamp iso 8601 format to a datetime .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  lists all entries .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   temperature
truth:  converts   date

test:  return true if the given path is a python package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   define
truth:  is   path

test:  test c .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   blacklisted
truth:  test   attachments

test:  remove the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the requests request object .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  returns a node that links to the given reference .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  sort   reported
truth:  sort   function

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  find the beginning number of the lines between -1 and reduce .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generate a random token .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  confirm that the test set correctly for the test set .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  pass   defines
truth:  pass   attributes

test:  creates a checker for the db .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  ico symmetric source file .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  pulls   splitting
truth:  pulls   surface

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   figure
truth:  test   inputs

test:  helper function to test whether obj is a collection of dict/list/tuple .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  supports the javascript dependencies .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  setup iframe frontend panels .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  perform a series of tuples .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the regular python code .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  contract   pulls
truth:  contract   null

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  find out what items are documented in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  shut down epoch .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  equalize   sparks
truth:  equalize   number

test:  container path .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the precedence state for the current thread .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  find an absolute path to a list of absolute path .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  only load if all the modules are available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  turn on csrf csrf requests .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  export a whole image .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return items as a list .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check that course mode is expired and writer_name modes .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  split a number into a string .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the philips sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  decorator to make a function that tests the decorated function returns a boolean .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  returns the given string .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  decorate   pulls
truth:  decorate   null

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  remove a single config file .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   printed
truth:  remove   pattern

test:  return free/used/total or return false if not found .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  generate   reconstructs
truth:  generate   ndarray

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  sets the base image properties .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  sets   backup
truth:  sets   properties

test:  using the django renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   challenges
truth:  using   renderer

test:  a little helper for the neighbors .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  checks that the current site is loaded with the current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  only load the module if the kernel is supported or not .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  helper function for building a simple greeting argument .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  expects   authorizes
truth:  expects   command

test:  scrub the clsid used by the unregister object .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  set evacuate fact for evacuate .
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for the dict provided in drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   flashes
truth:  replace   characters

test:  transfer the closest remaining application .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   define
truth:  transfer   path

test:  turns an purpose or class into a class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   render
truth:  pulls   issubclass

test:  extracts all issues in a set of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   augments
truth:  extract   issues

test:  displays the set of states to a yaml exploration version number for the given exploration .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  tests plural targets are not split .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  find if or > finds one of the message .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   batch
truth:  run   code

test:  send and receive packets at layer 2 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  this is called just returns none .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   import
truth:  is   summary

test:  generates parts of two inception images .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   debugging
truth:  evaluate   dataset

test:  iterator over nodes in g .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  returns lowercased string indicating if we want to .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  translate   corrupts
truth:  translate   terms

test:  ensure a data is not a string .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  get a list of osf statistics for the dataset .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  run only applicable on msvs and return a dict of msvs .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  computes a and a dict with the prefix those items .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  given   svn
truth:  given   dicts

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if the node is being used as an parent node .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  download a file-like object to s3 .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  extract filename with " and replace .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a utc date to a tuple of bar tuples .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the total number of seconds for a timedelta object .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  pulls   poll
truth:  pulls   versions

test:  returns the absolute path between -1 and all nodes in a expression .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  manipulate   sums
truth:  manipulate   expression

test:  like upcast but returns none .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  returns the internal absolute path .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  pass additional functions .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  decorate a method to test http requests .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  delete an existing volume_type image .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   eliminating
truth:  delete   cache

test:  authenticate with pckt access .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  authenticate   guvectorize
truth:  authenticate   oauth

test:  move current time to the context .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  saves   skipped
truth:  saves   use

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   come
truth:  construct   yaml

test:  inverse of the elemwise erfinv .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure secret and v2 states and a2enmod are converted to the os .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  pulls   sends
truth:  pulls   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  used to get a single template from the template files cached .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  render   labeled
truth:  render   file

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  returns a boolean value if the value of the requested config option is not missing .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  get the additional match between path and the gregorian .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  create a message with the specified name .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   present
truth:  linking   role

test:  decorator to make sure either a file or a .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  read in production config file and return a list of production objects .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  given a linear row .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  normalizes text to a single space .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  detects search file in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   handle
truth:  detects   features

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns the c user formatted for the given vim .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  asks   allocate
truth:  asks   user

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   review
truth:  generates   keys

test:  returns current worker instance for a given task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   mount
truth:  executing   task

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  n times .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  returns a service that is available .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  display the clairvoyance dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  if the given action is turned this hug .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  pulls   fit
truth:  pulls   choices

test:  generates a count of clades tree for a new trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  count   pulls
truth:  count   null

test:  determine if the object is an information .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  simulates   inplace
truth:  simulates   ovs

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  test the built-in exception looks like an invalid exception .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  delete a template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   storing
truth:  delete   template

test:  extracts the first levels from a list of tuples .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   utf-8
truth:  determine   argument

test:  change coupon event in the database .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  remove markup from a string to a list of words .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  test that the returncode system can be loaded .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a groups of all activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  no changes to the image properties table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   forwards
truth:  changes   image

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  returns the contact contact dictionary for a given user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  maps itemsiterator .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   sanitize
truth:  format   libraries

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to tiles and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a datetime instance for the given job id .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert a again! .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  string   blocks
truth:  string   representation

test:  shows the version of the appropriate server version from the minion .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  a simple method to reset the model from a given model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   tile
truth:  reset   information

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  get the version string for the given request .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  validate that manipulates given requirements are allowed since that we represent the correct requirements .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   purge
truth:  validate   requirements

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get md5sum of a file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   orthoganlize
truth:  generate   hash

test:  return the number of column devices .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  pulls   address
truth:  pulls   sqlalchemy

test:  move a file thru the path of a filesystem .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   enhanced
truth:  move   object

test:  copy a file and its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  convert to string .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  get the number of objects an object has .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  batched = 0x00004000 .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  returns the raw tool xml .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  load   blocks
truth:  load   representation

test:  check for warnings header header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  yaml: file a file with a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  output of each frequency layer .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  plots   organize
truth:  plots   histogram

test:  writes a value to standard python objects .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dump   reported
truth:  dump   function

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  return zero or more iterations .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  add   authenticated
truth:  add   everything

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  function for sorting the number of digits .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  register the attempts documentation for each type in the consistent zone .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running random os x .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  load the directories .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  attempts   interpolated
truth:  attempts   plugins

test:  load a logger .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  moves virtual classes to empty objects after the last object .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  recursive   located
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a sequence .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  check if the given compatibility is not loaded .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  runs   retrive
truth:  runs   checks

test:  check if a configuration is configured .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  run code on sys .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a *safe* method to a callable target target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  return the vmdk size for the image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  get the unsafe version from the bundled version output .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  undoes   pulls
truth:  undoes   null

test:  transform an array of pairs into a treatments matrix .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  create a file client and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  this is a generic soupstrings from the <path> .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   updating
truth:  scan   archive

test:  creates a random circuit .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   deduces
truth:  insert   circuit

test:  get all api deployment deployment for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   keep
truth:  get   deployment

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   utf-8
truth:  check   argument

test:  return a process .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  start the skeinlayer dialog .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   plucks
truth:  display   window

test:  read a file reference to a file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  extracts input data from the given output .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a computername computername for a user .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  convert   backup
truth:  convert   properties

test:  clears the python post mortem .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  remove   escaped
truth:  remove   post

test:  quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  return most active square matrix .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   clamp
truth:  return   area

test:  list all stacks directories .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  filter out the current test class and the test class .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  remove   specifies
truth:  remove   methods

test:  the main runner for test driver .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator to create a subprocess that should be used as root .
truth: run setup . 
test:  run   demonstrates
truth:  run   setup

test:  return a dict-like representation of the instance .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  get the maximum length .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  gets an integration for a given method in the given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   unserialize
truth:  get   integration

test:  parse the current organization .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return true if the file is length of a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  returns   brings
truth:  returns   checksum

test:  returns length of utf-8 data for obj .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the median of the values in the list .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  calculate   renders
truth:  calculate   series

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  calculates a unittest suite for all tests .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   browse
truth:  returns   testsuite

test:  wraps a function if it raises an exception .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format string to natural .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  traverse stats into a list of metric .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  return the average clustering of the graph .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  returns the text needed to repeat a combined number .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  introduce   sign
truth:  introduce   pair

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge to the recaptcha response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  remove a github team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  removes   archive
truth:  removes   member

test:  disassociate all ancestor ips by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  test that the scale methods are properly bond5 .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file in the database .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deserialize any yaml or stream like object into a python yaml stream .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  clean out the given path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  make   define
truth:  make   path

test:  program : program | newline | program | program | program | program | program div program | program .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next file ; lines not read from the file will not count towards the
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  responds to a bootstrap user settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  displays   unrooted
truth:  displays   differences

test:  conflict and capturing an sdm .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  stream info in the retention table .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  decrease   standardises
truth:  decrease   period

test:  split the input by splitting in a synsets() .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  parses an application .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   requesting
truth:  parse   i

test:  query the sha1 api identified by a query directly in tests .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  builds a simple load a train model and returns a handle with the adobe inferred from a dummy dataset-- tiny model that runs the test data .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  load otu otus file and return a list of otus .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filter   marks
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create a context manager for testing .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  upload a file to the web server .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return matching base file/folder starting at least one match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  extracts and returns a dict from the given node .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pulls
truth:  pooling   null

test:  finds the maximum number of the project .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  pulls   provide
truth:  pulls   provider

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   ip
truth:  iterates   paths

test:  will invert .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  reads a content-type and reads the commands .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  search for an expression containing only the value of the expression .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  update the specified request body .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  it should be preceded by the .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  assert   safe_octal
truth:  assert   class

test:  read the value of the given thread id .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   resolved
truth:  read   threads

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  execute a main function to add to the argparse script .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of issues url for a given page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  a decorator which enables a function to run a recursive function as recursive .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sorts a diff on the given context .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a label for a database type .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  give a next periodical on the configuration .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if file has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  check   subscribed
truth:  check   configure

test:  remove generated repeated repeated repeated .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  removes   convert
truth:  removes   sequences

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  pulls   go
truth:  pulls   channels

test:  dump the current configuration file to a hard .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  dump   freezing
truth:  dump   configuration

test:  returns a prime number that can be stored in nbits bits .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write the stream and corpus to a file in chunks .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   takes
truth:  write   stream

test:  check if the environment is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   customized
truth:  check   salt

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  marks a view function as exempt from csrf to exempt a csrf view .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  export method to a png file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   grabs
truth:  export   png

test:  add a flex to new element of arithmetic .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   compiles
truth:  adds   suite

test:  convert all keras cdf to numpy scalar .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   unsubscribe
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase the given range from code1 to code2-1 right .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  pulls   flashes
truth:  pulls   characters

test:  converts a symbol hash into a sysv integer .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  start a machine by name .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  test for image_file two instances of dictionaries .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verify   s
truth:  verify   sets

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  check reports to be sent now .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this function is called once for build an environment variables .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  build   created
truth:  build   mode

test:  test the included api_key based header to ensure that token works as expected .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   decorates
truth:  test   web

test:  transform a string to a nopython nopython format .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  run a shell command in a python file .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create a filesystem .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  tests that the in-db error is improved with an on-disk store .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  try   unleash
truth:  try   store

test:  turn a list of allocations into a dict by resource provider for each resource provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  convert a given image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  update   indicating
truth:  update   images

test:  extract all translations from a file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as network controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  pulls   nose
truth:  pulls   prefix

test:  delete one or more datastore keys .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  open file .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  generate objects for all objects that are related to the current platform .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  make   mignotte
truth:  make   things

test:  check if x is valid .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  is   listen
truth:  is   key

test:  return the true iff the user is true .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  preprocess   overriding
truth:  preprocess   dimension

test:  generate neighbor attributes for a neighbor .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  test   dwindle
truth:  test   neighbor

test:  helper function for reaping the first argument from an argument .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  measure   confirmed
truth:  measure   length

test:  download the command from the binary and return its filename url if it is available .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  build   small_stmts
truth:  build   line

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  try to return a string if the function is valid .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  set held message(s) to unheld from the mail queue cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a nanrows .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   rows

test:  return the audio file path .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  convenience function to select shortcut .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  launch   draft
truth:  launch   prompt

test:  create a fake cluster versioned cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to format a view that require the user .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns a dataset .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  collects a set of transformer objects of name from a block structure .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   flattening
truth:  collects   field

test:  test installing a nonexistent user for each extra repository .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  add a path based on the configuration parameter .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  get a user model instance from the django database .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  build master controller_args .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   rounding
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random size .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  tests datetimes are left naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  handler for adding a signal handler for a course .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  signal   selecting
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  initializes all applications .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  forces   blurred
truth:  forces   applications

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  print out the command line .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  returns true if g consists of an iterable of edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  adds a plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  error checking for routines that return explicitly result .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  safe version of rfc2822 .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  load a global module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve tx hash theano function .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  create a data dict containing color colors and end of the given start .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  print a commit to a stream .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  show   disappear
truth:  show   commit

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if the specified kernel id is installed in the specified range .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  call post-configuration brew cli example: .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  returns all the sentiment data in the given entities .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  rank   connect
truth:  rank   entities

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   rebuild
truth:  remove   license

test:  compute an indefinite integral of f spline for the quality of nodes .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  tracker tracker .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  polynomial pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   superimposes
truth:  returns   quotient

test:  cleans any file .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  attempt to kill all child threads and exit .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path to the users home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  return an object or dotted property from a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generate standard cidx file with the given argument .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   labeled
truth:  make   file

test:  test that a file with a matplotlib set .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  error   capturing
truth:  error   error

test:  extracts sample elements from population metadata .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  creates the sitemap for the sqs config .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a count of the changes from the given rsync .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   loads
truth:  get   changes

test:  returns the current time in milliseconds since epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  convert help problems in p2g into a generic shape .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  identify   switch
truth:  identify   list

test:  convert an interval to a mobius .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   labels
truth:  convert   transform

test:  decorator to not also returns a function to be used as a mutant the taken module .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  mark   casting
truth:  mark   coverage

test:  recursively ensure that all path to a file .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  handle   rearranges
truth:  handle   import

test:  permanently delete a static lb .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   fake
truth:  delete   load

test:  only load if the traffic server module is available .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  set attributes .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  detect theano conflicting by taking a hamiltonian with the given model .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return inverse of the anonymous url .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  get   turning
truth:  get   posts

test:  task to be of locking/unlocking .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   strips
truth:  extract   changelog

test:  return full pathname of an application .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  used   resample
truth:  used   directories

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   contributed
truth:  return   t

test:  return the grade histogram of the given module .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  print   organize
truth:  print   histogram

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   introduce
truth:  returns   l

test:  return a list of names of all vms ids .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  block that an code is raised in a with block that temporarily correct output .
truth: override sys . 
test:  override   inputhook
truth:  override   sys

test:  get the root dir based on the hosts .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return index of bessel frequency index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  return   timedelta

test:  solve a 3d transformation matrix .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  in case of pending dump .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  returns true if both values and *b* are equal .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  creates the diff dictionary for the given key and populates the coupon action .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   specifies
truth:  stubs   methods

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   autoencoder
truth:  replace   xml

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  makes   crop
truth:  makes   directory

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  apply all data += within a batch of magic nodes .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  replace   homebrew_packages
truth:  replace   structure

test:  get the architecture architecture of the architecture system .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  returns   searching
truth:  returns   architecture

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  opens and reads a file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test whether powers is super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  create two worker .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  pulls   deallocate
truth:  pulls   worker

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  returns a json instance .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  find a file names like a string .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  if the bundle structure is flat .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  utility method to add a column to the database name .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  alter   mutate
truth:  alter   column

test:  run system command .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  asynchronously run a factory function .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  default   enumerates
truth:  default   protocol

test:  returns the plugin :class:i18nstore .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  generate discovery docs and client libraries to files .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   wheather
truth:  generate   library

test:  check that file with previous changes .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   build
truth:  check   conf

test:  return vector3 and converted to children .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   failing
truth:  decorate   style

test:  return the version number of initial window .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   poll
truth:  return   versions

test:  returns a random text of the given pw .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  return the filename without the extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  export a mini-batch off of the program .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  fetch the specific model instance with the given key from the datastore .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns a client device number from the local machine .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  gets   stored
truth:  gets   #

test:  returns a boolean value if the field contains any other fields .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   flattening
truth:  given   field

test:  creates a histogram object from the given words .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   offset
truth:  creates   parameters

test:  compute the inverse of a given point .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  short   identified
truth:  short   rgb

test:  get a warning instance for the given method .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  reads the grains .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  register an access role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  given a key .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the number of characters in a string .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  function   distribute
truth:  function   proxy

test:  read names into a namedtuple file .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   identifies
truth:  pick   plugin

test:  construct an entry from a dictionary .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  build   safe_octal
truth:  build   class

test:  get respective parameter notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   supplied
truth:  get   api

test:  test that an extremely reader works by the last timeout .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   categorize
truth:  make   read

test:  gets a locale instance that is used to look up the locale class from the locale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  converts a timeseries to a float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return the binary megam with the given binary .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  configure   paging
truth:  configure   interface

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  downloads setuptools from a subdirectory .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   unsqueezing
truth:  download   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips by project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   safe_octal
truth:  function   class

test:  callback function used by minion_id .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  test that we find the notation with regular expression .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  tests   sums
truth:  tests   expression

test:  serialize value of a given dt .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serializes   format
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  visit validation results .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  limit   prioritized
truth:  limit   messages

test:  parse the location line of a stack trace .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  add a user to a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  returns a dictionary representation of the given dependencies .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  this generator yields the filelines functions in a num_data] file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  yield a pathname which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  register a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  add   safe_octal
truth:  add   class

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty dict if not installed .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a copy of items that are passed into a list of items .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  plot a jupyter event .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  interpret   fitnesse
truth:  interpret   events

test:  check to make sure the default @cleanupdef works as expected .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send a helpful application instance from the given parse() file .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert cutoff .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  return all descendants of g in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  prints the summary line of all the rows found in the logging .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   rows

test:  prints a error message for a given error code .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  builds a google cloud storage service .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  recursively sort data structures .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  example: when a command is not available .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   evpn
truth:  removes   schema

test:  takes a string and give it in the recipient template .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  creates   gzip
truth:  creates   markup

test:  extract interesting smtpd .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  get eol characters and characters from text .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  get   flashes
truth:  get   characters

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   backup
truth:  register   properties

test:  associated with a local name .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  check for existence of the supplied key .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  calculate md5sum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  returns int for given text .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  gets the media prefix with the given obj and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  cast a variable to a variable .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  parse a string representation of the appropriate date format .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  attempts   shared
truth:  attempts   string

test:  returns integer as a 16-bit integer or 0 .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  deletes a specific problem .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  check if a logger has a handlers file .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  see   code
truth:  see   logger

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  set the password for a named password .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  bootstrap a running system cli example: .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  adds a publish level .
truth: says hello . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a document from a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  get the first argument args for a function .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a list of feature members for the given feature .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  prepare   enhanced
truth:  prepare   object

test:  draw the navigation axes .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   submits
truth:  handle   navigation

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  strips indentation at times .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  return   comments

test:  return indentation type of indentation in a text .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  convert degrees in radiants .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  return   speed
truth:  return   minutes

test:  validates that the given key can be used as an optional {} .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   protects
truth:  validate   args

test:  water sources: restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  returns json encoded data from the provided data .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  decides whether or not a file is pil .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  asset delete view .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  del   notes
truth:  del   asset

test:  return a table of the groups and the groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   paste
truth:  return   containers

test:  publish final user translation .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   bring
truth:  publish   page

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  setup the generic away .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   represents
truth:  setup   radio

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  convert   coordinate

test:  normalizes a line of text endings .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  find missing children of node that satisfy the given primary key .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   banned
truth:  find   children

test:  individual insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   attribute
truth:  insert   statements

test:  tries to find a zip file in the system .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  makes an iterable of encoding objects mapping -> dict .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  creates   quotes
truth:  creates   map

test:  make a palette polynomial from a list of colors .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns list of names of standard modules .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a list of mappings in which the state belongs to run .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  ts approximation of .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  get an attribute of an object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make sure that figure is still installed .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  draw   close
truth:  draw   graphs

test:  checks each of the exercise .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  copy a source from source to dest .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   obfuscate
truth:  copy   tokens

test:  return location of two images .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  update some updates .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  unregister a previously registered class alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  parse a nssites results file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  find all files under revision and return the list of system approximate .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   interpolated
truth:  return   plugins

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   labeled
truth:  append   file

test:  solves dn and forward them into equations .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  function   export
truth:  function   tuple

test:  returns a list of calls calls .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  helper function to test if an integer is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  multivariate multivariate normal loglikelihood wrt mean .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generate   subprojects
truth:  generate   multivariate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  decorator for a cached object .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  send a request to the appropriate api request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  format a file or block device using store= .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  make   forgets
truth:  make   filesystem

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  compute polar transform .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a deferred which is the search indexes .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  returns   deferred

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  install a package on a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  reduce a polynomial of the polynomial .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters to a certain number .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   pocsuite
truth:  return   n

test:  modified emails .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  clear   lettuce
truth:  clear   emails

test:  remove a either from the specified container container name or id .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return true if the first null encoding is a html bytes .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  detect   labeled
truth:  detect   file

test:  like |safe but returns the unpickling string .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  lists all repos within the organization .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   integrityerror
truth:  list   repositories

test:  returns true if user is masquerading as belonging to a specific student for the specific student and only if the course does not have staff .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  create a requests response with a libvirt server .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  pulls   barcodes
truth:  pulls   http

test:  validate that the eip copy .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  update second to returned rate limiting .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  returns a string into a string with binary digits .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   satisfy
truth:  convert   container

test:  run an interactive shell on a given block of usage .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  compute the mckean-schrader axis for an identity matrix .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  convert   rotation

test:  queries the npm version from the postgres server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a configured syslog-ng object .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  get the full path to a file that can be installed .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   consisting
truth:  create   link

test:  return a start_response() exception if the character was found .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  dimension a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  limit   labeled
truth:  limit   file

test:  get the everything dictionary of a dictionary of values .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  construct and initialize a suitable page .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   been
truth:  build   format

test:  run a vm by the mime mail .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  join path tokens together similar to osp .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   pulls
truth:  join   null

test:  add nova .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  patch   enabled
truth:  patch   nova

test:  return the checksum of the thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   brings
truth:  return   checksum

test:  install the zipextimporter .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  force command stops .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  mark   uploading
truth:  mark   job

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  check if object is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  setup the lomb-scargle switch .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  takes a string and splits expected text and returns a a a a a dictionary of expected values .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   optdict
truth:  parse   lines

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   stores
truth:  destroy   name

test:  returns list of states states for python tests .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  decorator for raise_on_error methods that are associated with requested db api .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns current locale value for the current thread .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  set a service level to be used with a sound to reference .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  get a format format type for a printf type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function to allow querying course fields to have a single course .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  test extra summary of points in random order .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   import
truth:  test   summary

test:  save old state .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  match the pattern in string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  reorder a case to a discovery format .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  drop   pulls
truth:  drop   null

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the rules is a precomputed query .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  context manager for setting the default language .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  activate   interpolates
truth:  activate   lang

test:  show an error message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  format the given state for the current thread .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  gets   been
truth:  gets   format

test:  a compatibility helper to get an rpm/repoquery version of a machine .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  parses a string like 08:00:00 whitespace into a tuple .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  pulls   tokenizing
truth:  pulls   filepath

test:  returns the current target .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   coupling
truth:  get   target

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  generates support for a type of python and out the version of the exits .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  drop   weblate
truth:  drop   references

test:  move items matching query result to a file .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  moves   enhance
truth:  moves   items

test:  converts a list of glob strings matching a unix glob glob lists .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get all subj for a specific certificate .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  given   producing
truth:  given   certificate

test:  filter out non-ip and set of assets certificate value .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  depreciate   proxying
truth:  depreciate   assets

test:  internal helper function for the appropriate lock that turns an empty strings .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get the version of the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  return the intersection of all graphs that exist in graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  returns true if the keyword argument is modified since it .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  delete testing mode from ipython .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  ensure   created
truth:  ensure   mode

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  run a single command on a remote host .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  removes   disconnecting
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  flattens a file path and returns it as a new s3 .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  create a flask query instance from a collection of instances .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   xlsx
truth:  takes   query

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find all the ways of the current python-level .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  walk   examine
truth:  walk   brick

test:  list all volumes in the logging for the given root .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  get info about the first computer cli example: .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  packs a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  print the message authors .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   made
truth:  print   authors

test:  call to call a service .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  calls   specifies
truth:  calls   methods

test:  checks if a process with the given pid is running .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   prettify
truth:  check   process

test:  retry a function to display functions .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  try   flask
truth:  try   times

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   constrained
truth:  run   functions

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  returns the pairwise distances between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  disable signal handler on a model .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  blocks   terminate
truth:  blocks   password

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  convert a regexp pattern to a list using the regexp .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  simple function to return if host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path from the input path .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  helper function to get a single policy .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  returns the given token with the given id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  helper to get a single tool shed by a gradient .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  make sure the statusbar is cleared properly .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  run the metric on the local node .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   clones
truth:  read   server

test:  works like turning into a url .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   hides
truth:  remove   pointer

test:  return true if the task has customized custom task .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  loads the given object like we want to connect .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the iscsi server list .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   implement
truth:  get   sessions

test:  generate an args for a namespace string .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  this function is needed to dont use nodes in x .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  djangos   pulls
truth:  djangos   null

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   store
truth:  estimate   memory

test:  encrypt using key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  ordered view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  ordered   usage_key_string
truth:  ordered   view

test:  returns true if mail wants to be registered in github .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  attempt   thinks
truth:  attempt   issue

test:  helper function to retrieve the grains from pillar .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  helper to define a blaze expression that is suitable for defining a sympy expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  pulls   pending
truth:  pulls   default

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  decrypt   supports
truth:  decrypt   text

test:  helper to produce all keys .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  helper function that updates the helpful mode of a given type .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  helper function to get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  function   undo
truth:  function   grains

test:  pass the application output and turns it into a string .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   evpn
truth:  format   schema

test:  compute a weighted density of a parameter x .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  calculate   ban
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  give a list of page where the user has add rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  return a list of the configured style type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  vae allows samples .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   declared
truth:  allows   samples

test:  runs nifti crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  cross   feed
truth:  cross   entropy

test:  import a python module from a module .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  pulls   rearranges
truth:  pulls   import

test:  build a template from the given html .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   storing
truth:  build   template

test:  copy files or a destination word from the dest file .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  tests creating a lets which can be used for an api .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  detach a subsystem .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   initializes
truth:  detach   program

test:  push joined but intended to sleep for the given sender .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  remove unused images in cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   squeezing
truth:  remove   uuid

test:  pass in the grains and return what grains from grains .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  return   grains

test:  a decorator to check all @override methods of old-style configurations .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  pulls   call
truth:  pulls   docstrings

test:  this method takes a set of first pinging that render this method first match to use the membership instead of the keys in the registry .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  enumerates   pulls
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  get the reference to the object in the given reference admin or none if no object has no distributions .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  measures a dataframe with all stringreturn .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  format a task object for consumption outside of tasks .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   mount
truth:  format   task

test:  delete all the text and end of the current line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   incorporate
truth:  kill   cursor

test:  method decorator for getting a function for a class .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  attaches   located
truth:  attaches   method

test:  return the exact utility function objects .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  limit   store
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a value for obj .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  the end of a string node .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses input .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   forwards
truth:  preprocesses   image

test:  yaml: html html plugin publishes html divide-by-zero from another build .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  pulls   cool
truth:  pulls   publisher

test:  get gear path from paths .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  compute content at the end of a text file .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  compute   randomise
truth:  compute   message

test:  clears the screen .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  hack   parsefile
truth:  hack   descriptor

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   derive
truth:  initialize   templates

test:  add a function to the cached "name" .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  adds   assures
truth:  adds   none

test:  get the javascript frame and print to stdout .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  js   pulls
truth:  js   null

test:  establish the database to a new database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  log a message .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  if the user is modified from the path .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return list of regexp data .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  recursively detect a set of dictionaries .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  get a list of the current locale to .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  get fill loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the given html file .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  handle   initializes
truth:  handle   program

test:  verify new-style class new-style new-style new-style class new-style should not have the same number added to the new-style cycle .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  execute a remote execution data from the target execution .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  load saturated by regions .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  checks   captures
truth:  checks   w

test:  make a list of datasets datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   signal
truth:  make   datasets

test:  runs the command in an exit and throws an exception if it fails .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  returns true if the expression is a sympy expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  checks   craft
truth:  checks   expr

test:  parses a configuration file and returns a dictionary of the mapping[name] .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  deletes   switch
truth:  deletes   list

test:  returns true if the route is changed .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  checks   undoes
truth:  checks   routes

test:  given a step definition .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  use the log traceback to log traceback .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   shed
truth:  log   exception

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  return a tag from a list of metadata .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list of the sites .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  transform a list of path to the equivalent of the filesystem .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  test if certificate is a san .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  determines   producing
truth:  determines   certificate

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return course status .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  count the hyperbolic of datapoints in an array of ndarrays .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  parses a votable_ xml file into a _schema object .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all active vms cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create an existing bucket for a bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  trying   enters
truth:  trying   bucket

test:  update addons+collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   revoke
truth:  update   collections

test:  parses a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   listen
truth:  derive   key

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  pulls   warn
truth:  pulls   photos

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  for a given query .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  removes keychain_items and broken: lines of a given target or target .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  returns   prefilled
truth:  returns   hosts

test:  get meta objects for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle arguments to file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  get current delay delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   directed
truth:  get   delay

test:  return the argument name .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  find   instantiate
truth:  find   arguments

test:  computes nodes and weights for beta distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   unescapes
truth:  computes   rule

test:  convert a text representation of escape .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  yield   obfuscate
truth:  yield   tokens

test:  this generator yields all possible lines .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  returns   goes
truth:  returns   frames

test:  returns the given gpu string to be used for numpy prefixless .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  get a process and all of its parent pids .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  identify   explode
truth:  identify   processes

test:  get an ssh key can be an ssh user .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   clip
truth:  inserts   record

test:  return an edxnotes client object .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  make sure that lex special characters are valid .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   parameterize
truth:  make   integers

test:  convert a value to a string for matching bytes .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test the overriding groups function .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  converts an http date string to a datetime object .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  a context manager that silences the contexts of the given exception .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  save   shed
truth:  save   exception

test:  creates an open file dialog and returns a dictionary of the same objects .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   logged
truth:  creates   dialog

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  pulls   puts
truth:  pulls   canvas

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse an mro argument in a given patched .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  return the cumulative density function computing mu and the variance .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  finds   displayed
truth:  finds   sigma

test:  get authentication headers from amazon header .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  generate   response

test:  provide the rules of the specified rules .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set the number of days of the password for a container cli example: .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  ensure pagerduty resource exists .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  pulls   negate
truth:  pulls   resource

test:  send email rendering text for a task .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a mask of n bits .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  get the line number for a given django line .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  retrieve   small_stmts
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  a demonstration process that take the configuration parameter and turns it into a new one .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  installs   belong
truth:  installs   hook

test:  return a path for windows .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   lcmv
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  if the environment variable w3af_psutils is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  pulls   unquoting
truth:  pulls   environment

test:  valueerror and default values given a certificate config file representing a configuration of config .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  return true if name is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  given   square
truth:  given   figures

test:  write fasta sequence of pairs to pairs .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  writes   switch
truth:  writes   list

test:  decoder doing double url encode .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  doing   overlap
truth:  doing   encode

test:  decode a bson timestamp to python source files .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   childnodes
truth:  decode   timestamp

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   piercing
truth:  takes   article

test:  ckan decorator that allows us to use the application .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  user logout page .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  compare two lines .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  convert a file or directory to dst .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  return rate per second from ost .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve info on a given project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  gets   serves
truth:  gets   roles

test:  compares a labeled ndarray with an ndarray .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  process the distribution .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   forwards
truth:  process   image

test:  remove the root external url .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  which allow you to unserialize zinnia based on s3 .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   d

test:  returns a set containing the package and uptime .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   debugging
truth:  returns   dataset

test:  lookup a command based on the rich_text rich_text .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  lookup   authorizes
truth:  lookup   command

test:  set the user module if the kernel is sunos .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   constrained
truth:  provides   functions

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  creates an absolute absolute request for this application .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  publish the given timeframe .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  delete an lvm module .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  helper function to run a shell command with rbenvs .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  helper to discover the first two reduced files .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gives a module .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  returns a list of roles from the given permission and the current user who .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  returns   serves
truth:  returns   roles

test:  return a dict with the parameters .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   instanticates
truth:  return   releases

test:  return lvm version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  user tries to get summary step without shipping method step in checkout .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   import
truth:  tries   summary

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  call   tell
truth:  call   signature

test:  generates a boundaries label image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  mm response section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  iterate over fastq records for searching and creates a new fastq file .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  makes   labeled
truth:  makes   file

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  update user from basket in basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   lits
truth:  update   basket

test:  return a list of unique elements .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns: an xri object allowing .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return true if w is a boolean .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  same as the rest api rather than arguments .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  document   pulls
truth:  document   null

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   rescales
truth:  notify   event

test:  get a list of supported locales for a language .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   changes
truth:  load   languages

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns a default option to select an option within it .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  selects   uncheck
truth:  selects   element

test:  given a module path .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  import   transliterate
truth:  import   variable

test:  helper to log events .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  return the degree list of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  get the scheduled options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check that the tpot attribute works correctly .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  set cached content to the cached document for the given content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  stores   darken
truth:  stores   piece

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   del
truth:  feed   gcode

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  reindex a series of text for one frame .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  correlation   pandas
truth:  correlation   columns

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   unshares
truth:  compute   density

test:  remove a job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   uploading
truth:  remove   job

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   stands
truth:  retrieves   rights

test:  loads parameters from file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   exposes
truth:  loads   values

test:  decorator for a function that instantiates a hash argument and returns a r1 .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  test if deactivated is deactivated in private-browsing mode .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  insert   eliminating
truth:  insert   cache

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first element of the series since the last hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  read unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  creates a new paste contents .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   orphaned
truth:  creates   paste

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  handle the first handler .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add two handlers to their these handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  registers   advised
truth:  registers   commands

test:  splits an liveaction into an actionexecution compatible dict .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  marks   pinned_array
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if user is masquerading as belonging to the course .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  extracts error from an http response data .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  creates   shed
truth:  creates   exception

test:  display a review review request .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  displays   knapsack
truth:  displays   request

test:  helper function to easily define the given l{str} .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  list all the os-api columns .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  set the topic mask for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   blend
truth:  set   mask

test:  this method is invoked when the tests found .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   indicating
truth:  checks   images

test:  release the number of tracks on a media .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   establishes
truth:  release   streams

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  makes an image to the specified location .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   stderr
truth:  create   machine

test:  wait to see drop database output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  wait   flattens
truth:  wait   output

test:  loads the given template_name and renders it with the given dictionary as context .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  restart the windows service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  try to dbfield .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  try   compress
truth:  try   db

test:  view that handles a password request .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  attempts   terminate
truth:  attempts   password

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  return the indices of a sequence .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  detects   stream
truth:  detects   returns

test:  add pillars on the derivation .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  enable the tab completion completion if extant .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enables   gzipped
truth:  enables   completion

test:  check whether a certain resource is rename a fixed primary and matching values .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  returns   unlocking
truth:  returns   source

test:  extracts the cluster size from the cluster into a cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   analyzes
truth:  extract   size

test:  test that we can check an 2d returns a dictionary of returns an 2d q_ijs .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  check   fileformat
truth:  check   self

test:  net on a specific sampling or n distribution .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  reverse function to safecharencode .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  base : base regenerate rbrace | base inputs : base type | base | base calculation : base .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  extracts the maximum code of a code from the bokeh key .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  return a hash for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   contrasts
truth:  return   digest

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  set the given properties on an item .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   pushing
truth:  updates   model

test:  gzip encoded data -> gzip data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  check that -> dataset is purge .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   debugging
truth:  purge   dataset

test:  extracts the arguments from function from a function .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  check to see if a string is a hashed password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  return true if the current cli option has an option value .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  was   cause
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  return information for the object to be included in the same refs .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  helper function to redirect http auth data from a salt tool requires a url .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  redirect   assign
truth:  redirect   requests

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a numpy array representing a sphere .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  turn a list of pairs into a single string .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  given   authorizes
truth:  given   command

test:  splitting an exception object to a btmp .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple containing the binary device .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  courses hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  performs a file at the given context .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  shortcut   storing
truth:  shortcut   template

test:  get the version of the latest version .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  parses a query to a specified rules .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  create an error message for the daemon error code .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  makes a command line that can be used to opt for lag and options .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  generates the ims with: for each character .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  method to mark a field on a specific field .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  this takes a document and fills it in the document tree .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  convert relative color to color space .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return a resourcereference string .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  parse a us epoch in epoch format seconds since epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  statement : integer | newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  string = int2ap return num converted to a string using characters from the set a .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string value to a bool empty strings are false .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  same as a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  add a enhancements url to the api .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  function   compose
truth:  function   usage

test:  read ctc tree from a file at ctc tree .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  retrieves the operations with the given version of the current job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   exposes
truth:  interpolates   values

test:  this function creates a default .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   allocate
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   dtype
truth:  adds   arg

test:  return the values of an aws data .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  create a directory .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   crop
truth:  sets   directory

test:  project users form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   generate
truth:  project   users

test:  emits a identities changed event for the specified user .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  returns name of a field label .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  default   centers
truth:  default   labels

test:  create a minimal minimal instance .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  data:  to have been imported more than text .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  copy master to file .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   highlight
truth:  performs   row

test:  prints the first two lines of the bucket :return: the input *individuals* .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  like   enters
truth:  like   bucket

test:  returns true if the given service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  helper function that iterates all the key/value pairs in a dictionary .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  pads   specifies
truth:  pads   methods

test:  return certain scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  retrieve   decorating
truth:  retrieve   log

test:  return a path with the first line feeds .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the relative vectorized padding .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   visit
truth:  returns   padding

test:  given the field result .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  tries   flattening
truth:  tries   field

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  convert present attachment .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  presents   allocate
truth:  presents   user

test:  preprocesses a single image flow using a 1-d tensor .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  crops   forwards
truth:  crops   image

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  async version of events .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  create an ssh tar to a file given a tar saltenv : base name of the refs to be copied .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepares   denotes
truth:  prepares   tarball

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   preloading
truth:  set   host

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  yields   chisquare
truth:  yields   tuples

test:  demonstrates x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  initialize config file .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   deflate
truth:  load   config

test:  return the appropriate number of redirects .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   landing
truth:  function   sum

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  generate gaussian data for use in training .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  is   sparks
truth:  is   number

test:  returns the 128-bit bit string .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  convert   importing
truth:  convert   pem

test:  split a function into a module and bad functions .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  create   crack
truth:  create   _

test:  take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   persists
truth:  take   subsequence

test:  retain vertical spacing before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   expired
truth:  retain   spacing

test:  returns a new object with grab whitespace and values stripped .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  turn   aliased
truth:  turn   json

test:  net of ntpd and start clock .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  label to a bug .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  takes   export
truth:  takes   tuple

test:  split a string into multiple texts .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  remove the specified service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  run a command in a subprocess .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  returns   modifies
truth:  returns   cmd

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   serializing
truth:  determines   setting

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the communicability communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  load an object from a default dictionary and return it .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return root of the core files which match the given image file .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  from bug 6 .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  issue   wrapping
truth:  issue   handle

test:  show all games for the current year .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the version string of the latest version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  create initial salt .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  rebuild   eliminating
truth:  rebuild   cache

test:  returns the set of all nodes in node that are leftmost .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   forgot
truth:  get   project

test:  import a curve from the shared area of p .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get xml file .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   expected
truth:  load   stack

test:  validate a single transfer function containing a series of second-order sections .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extracts all the contents of an numa maps from executing .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  functional test program for functional test suite .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a city data structure for a global plot .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the user instance .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  split sequence into a de object .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  run the cache entry and return the results .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return the result from the main api identified by a sub-process .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  return the effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  is   port
truth:  is   helper

test:  creates an http connection to an elgamal server .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  gets   review
truth:  gets   keys

test:  helper to find all possible repetitions in a dask .
truth: s: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  this function loads a cluster or found .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  return list of available locales cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  retrieve the tag dictionary pool pool for the given tag .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  maps   building
truth:  maps   tag

test:  reverses the gzip file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  make sure rabbitmq virtual host is absent name vhost of the virtual host to remove runas user under windows .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   holding
truth:  ensure   policy

test:  calculate a cubic spline sparse points .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  compute   rescanning
truth:  compute   weights

test:  get a list of http requests patching if they are specified .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a list of physical physical mapping associated with the given unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  given   throttle
truth:  given   unit

test:  open the url at the first youtube contents .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  return a record for domain of the nameservers for domain if resolve is false .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  replace the crypt version of file with the given delimiter .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the number of national for a carrier carrier .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  converts different strings into strings .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  turn   hop
truth:  turn   newlines

test:  initialize internal addons for the given addons and 2 .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   solve
truth:  initialize   settings

test:  yields the lines of a $-string based on the client .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  get   stubbed
truth:  get   headers

test:  validate that the value of confvar is a number of characters .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   published
truth:  validate   thrift

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  the path is a valid datastore key function .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if fast is fast .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  returns   res
truth:  returns   success

test:  parse an equation out of a password_changed() equation .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  check   clustered
truth:  check   equations

test:  check if valid versions of four strings dont contain an empty dict .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  creates   gauss
truth:  creates   strings

test:  provide results in string .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  return the deployment_config_file service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  retrieves all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  computes the index of the graph .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  weighted   populates
truth:  weighted   params

test:  get container diffs container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   tile
truth:  port   information

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns the maximum of an array or the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   echo
truth:  returns   minimum

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_or_union id .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a #rrggbb string with 2 .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  internal function to extract the tree from the tree .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   configured
truth:  flips   tree

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   reported
truth:  mean   function

test:  considering the jaccard coefficient of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  function converts an error handler into a string .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a nice is a list of the num_nodes arguments: auth_token : array_like .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  merge   presents
truth:  merge   mapping

test:  internal duck method for a few response .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  let   allocate
truth:  let   user

test:  create a proxy for an interface which makes it sort larger than anything it is required to .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  construct an absolute path for a file .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all non-deleted networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   preprocess
truth:  get   networks

test:  find the corresponding operator that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  return a copy of images .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   signs
truth:  return   display

test:  ensure a 3d helper helper .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  transform a packet instance to and auto-column failed optstep .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  calculates   brings
truth:  calculates   checksum

test:  test dealing with set of sensor .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  verify that the value is a valid bytestring .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   simulating
truth:  check   input

test:  returns the dtype object for the given reference key .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  find the induced nodes of g in g .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  handle a single bank object .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  parses the connection line numbers .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   trivial
truth:  parses   connection

test:  format a file subscription on a node .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   rescales
truth:  format   event

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  test installing pardir .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  test   directory

test:  return a r instruction .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  generates   asserts
truth:  generates   diff

test:  return a list of all running services cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  lists   paste
truth:  lists   containers

test:  create {username language by default settings .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  enable   pending
truth:  enable   default

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  decorator to mark a function as public type .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  return the line number in the list .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   rfc
truth:  formats   distance

test:  form out a comma-separated field ids and its ids .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  find a given path in the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  configure the progress api query will handle the fields from a dictionary of wiki application .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if there is a polygonal tab in the default .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  pulls   escaping
truth:  pulls   doctype

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  set remote url remote to git remote .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  set   access
truth:  set   url

test:  show requests .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  redirect   prioritized
truth:  redirect   messages

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  clone up the pip .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  turn a 1-hot encoding of an array into a random item of 2-d labels .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   bench
truth:  sample   value

test:  verify that a bucket name is a bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validates   stores
truth:  validates   name

test:  convert a key into a string representing a string representing a string .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   plucks
truth:  launch   window

test:  compute polynomial cofactors factorization of f and g in gf(p)[x]/(g) f**( f = gcd .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compounded
truth:  compute   gcd

test:  this method returns the channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  gives   coil
truth:  gives   ability

test:  get_conf() -> confparse object for core-site .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  development/testing/demo a new metadata file and add it to the metadata server .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   doing
truth:  add   annotations

test:  get the maximum extents counts for the given collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  quotes a udp object that handles datetime or a string .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  pulls   limit
truth:  pulls   decode

test:  shrink shifting function .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  returns the class="noinclude"> counter in the database .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check that normal types match the feature flag .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  runs   flag
truth:  runs   sanity

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   switch
truth:  flatten   list

test:  yield a stream of tokens or a text .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  create a new root sdk object .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   offset
truth:  initialize   parameters

test:  setup the netatmo component .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test packagefinder incorrect case .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  get client libraries for a specific user or stored .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a replacement for the zeromq socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  freeze   define
truth:  freeze   path

test:  returns a list of top rated .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that the base system can be initialized .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  sets the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   clearing
truth:  set   meta

test:  compute the z mean .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  pulls   beautifies
truth:  pulls   contrast

test:  load loads keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   listen
truth:  loads   key

test:  restores a file .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  are   augments
truth:  are   issues

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   unpause
truth:  add   elasticache

test:  load a configuration file into a list of types .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  file   decorated
truth:  file   mime

test:  create the appropriate threads for the threads or pil .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  determine if a hash field exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  return an ordered list of attributes .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  parses a call named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   drops
truth:  parses   call

test:  get the corresponding distribution dashboard for a given course .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  converts urls into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  compile the compiler architecture for searching for the given target .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  escape invalid characters .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  authentication complete process .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   prettify
truth:  complete   process

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 prn: function applied to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  meg image in order .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  subtracts   forwards
truth:  subtracts   image

test:  skirt the fill file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  calls into a windows server .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  create an organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  itemfield category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the named vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  remove   hostname
truth:  remove   vm

test:  connect two l{iopump} as a 3-tuple: .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   clones
truth:  create   server

test:  splits a datastore path at the first part of the file .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  rindex -> string return a copy of the string s converted to lowercase .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  fixture which provides a actual root of the tag .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  xml   carry
truth:  xml   test

test:  automates automates dictionaries .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  keep   mounts
truth:  keep   objects

test:  return an element with highest func score; tie goes to first one .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  creates an absolute reverse for a static providers .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  display all repository repositories from repo_url .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  enable   integrityerror
truth:  enable   repositories

test:  display a login application .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  writes   access
truth:  writes   url

test:  compute the expected newer newer of xs and ps .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   intrepret
truth:  plots   pdf

test:  hac hac robust covariance matrix assumes we have a hac of time series with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates all udpate .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  update   responds
truth:  update   database

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: pagerduty pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  returns fully string .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  path - list .
truth: path  . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  requests a new user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  register   allocate
truth:  register   user

test:  puts() shouldnt output .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get unified of the source space .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx may not be passed into the true may be more than question .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   unlocking
truth:  tokenize   source

test:  gets node registration was registered from a registered registration .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   complete
truth:  gets   registration

test:  replace expressions with a sequence of expressions .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  try   put
truth:  try   rules

test:  fetch a sphinx extension module .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   symbol

test:  returns a maxima of batches of equal samples in moments .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  use a past template to iterate over a function/method .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  generate a tar package containing all of the given package .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   cook
truth:  generate   ball

test:  disable a specific site from the site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   handles
truth:  disable   site

test:  get the craft preferences .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  validates a values key constraint .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  resolve   teardown
truth:  resolve   type

test:  make sure all the links nodes in the document tree .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   saves
truth:  replace   links

test:  converts a string argument into all uppercase characters .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  serialize   access
truth:  serialize   url

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  construct the version string to use for the app .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  test to ensure that the type of a not type correctly handles the values .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  if the addon is a decorator to submit a step .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  create a new bookmark .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  this method helps the histogram dask dataframe to initialize a ordination histogram .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  called   labeled
truth:  called   file

test:  exemplify repr (see also serialize the template .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serializes   pulls
truth:  serializes   null

test:  return true if url has a gravatar for given flags .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  entry point for external values .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  sets the default ruby for a default ruby implementation .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   disconnected
truth:  set   ruby

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  assert that the context meets the log rules listed in the response to find the rule being mapped to the rules of the response .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  execute   unescapes
truth:  execute   rule

test:  verifies that the system root is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  recursively test for issue untrusted tests .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  this function returns a string for the given template string .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  read a kernel kernel value .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return whether the user is logged in .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  check   knapsack
truth:  check   request

test:  return a list of current :func: .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the default group of the current process to apply the users service .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  testing   belong
truth:  testing   hook

test:  calculate the mpd .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  return   facebook
truth:  return   pairwise

test:  save column order according to the current column .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  set   pandas
truth:  set   columns

test:  test that columns of dipoles .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  test glcontext raised in ipython .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  list the available pool cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator function used to allow function that extracts a function as an apiproxystub binary function .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  given   duplicated
truth:  given   inference

test:  check for scaleway configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   support
truth:  plot   time

test:  convert the ground domain from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   union
truth:  convert   domain

test:  return a path in root .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  check for group using the branches and see if they are met .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  ensure   decide
truth:  ensure   groups

test:  checks all of the various override conditions for a user to complete an entrance exam begin by short-circuiting if the course does not have an entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   disconnect
truth:  pulls   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  match   assign
truth:  match   requests

test:  validates a timeout value .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   statsd
truth:  validates   timeout

test:  makes a string to a valid python binary string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  returns all of the ''pad .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  split a code and overwriting it into .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get the cache key function for the right account .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  checks whether functions are unified .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  tries   exposes
truth:  tries   values

test:  this function apply slices to nz .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  test whether functions is equal to a fair of reorient .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  verify that a given url is valid .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  returns   grep
truth:  returns   formset

test:  writes a file .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one valid output .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  make sure hosts defined in env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the sequence refers to the same memory .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solves a 1st order order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the method u_2 .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  returns   decrypt
truth:  returns   solution

test:  get a vlan to reference travelled .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the text of a playlist tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a crop file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   header
truth:  read   crop

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  efficiently compute the fd of a matrix .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  pulls   print
truth:  pulls   approximation

test:  parses a textual value .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load a file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   reverses
truth:  iterate   services

test:  create and return a cache .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   fortran
truth:  create   resolver

test:  read the given metadata_url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   aliased
truth:  reads   json

test:  configures a celery application instance .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  configures   mutes
truth:  configures   app

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  get the experiment .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  make sure that signature is actually implemented .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  throws error if the request is a valid time in floating point number .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   choice
truth:  validates   formats

test:  compute the truncated cosine function .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generates   support
truth:  generates   time

test:  makes a viewpoint dictionary suitable for use in <script> flip args: metadata_url : viewpoint .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  deletes a module map from objects .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  add a song song .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   history

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple with the hexadecimal form .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return a db object for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   incorporate
truth:  return   cursor

test:  test when all inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and we add a scalar dimension .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  set async replacement for the questions .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  calls   storing
truth:  calls   template

test:  returns the list of featured activity references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  converts the value and arbitrary stub for a function .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   reported
truth:  attribute   function

test:  writes the latest bucket for each bucket .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  connect   starred
truth:  connect   s3

test:  read a unbounded column header .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  module   retrive
truth:  module   checks

test:  replaces union all select with operator counterpart .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   assume
truth:  append   header

test:  run on the vm .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the newline in the source code .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a string to a time object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  select x threshold value for an input variable .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return the atlas of directed graph .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the unfulfilled generation cert enabled for the course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   control
truth:  check   generation

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   dispatch
truth:  multiply   operators

test:  decorator used by applying a function to log messages .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  pulls   exempts
truth:  pulls   pseudo

test:  compute the passed value for the first squares .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  computes   support
truth:  computes   time

test:  imports and returns a finder it .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  removes users from a list of users .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   freezing
truth:  removes   configuration

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  capitalize   supports
truth:  capitalize   text

test:  gets the path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  turn any symbols contained in a string to their ascii representation .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  returns an available float tree by name .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  store the value of a configuration option .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  copies   cause
truth:  copies   option

test:  makes a running system packages .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  enable maintenance off the boolean .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  disable   created
truth:  disable   mode

test:  verify if the certificates of a certificate matches the given certificates .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  checks   restoring
truth:  checks   data

test:  return the url to the bootstrap theme code .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  takes a number of tuples as a float .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  find the first entry in a given shape .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  get the number of days and the offset .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   describes
truth:  set   offset

test:  convert numeric numeric characters to hex .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  returns the path to a package containing the named module or none if the path could not be read .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get files in a given file .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  test of a runner that was handled by the ctypes runner .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   times

test:  decorator to run a list of requests for a given request .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  request   tracks
truth:  request   urls

test:  check that indices of dimensions is true iff *x* is not a 1-sized sort against .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run a module and return the pillar data .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  test to ensure that the assigned to the right list can be converted to not uris .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get the current user name from the project .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed to the correct guest .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   jitter
truth:  ensure   guest

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  provide   enhance
truth:  provide   items

test:  get a flask-security configuration dictionary .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  get a class="selected" value <name> by two libvirt hac .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  helper function: calculate given integers .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   dst
truth:  given   c

test:  returns name for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  set movie title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  convert a matrix to a numpy array with the image and scale .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  true if the named service is not enabled to start at boot .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  update daily average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return the hardware vendor .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return a list of distributions .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  get   scours
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   splitting
truth:  chop   surface

test:  gets information of a collection of items .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  retrieve   consisting
truth:  retrieve   link

test:  track the netatmo functionality for netatmo .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   fitnesse
truth:  track   events

test:  extracts the raw token from http response body and return the metadata stored in the given http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an edge edges in breadth-first-search from source .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  produce   descend
truth:  produce   edges

test:  split the largest integer less than or equal to the given number of randomly cache .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  only work on windows .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  gets   constrain
truth:  gets   attribute

test:  if file has been moved to a random token .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   separates
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   caused
truth:  read   return

test:  splits a sequence into chunks of the given sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  empty   switch
truth:  empty   list

test:  flush default values .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  flush   scaled
truth:  flush   queue

test:  concatenate a sequence of expressions into a multinomial form .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  separate   import
truth:  separate   summary

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   tear
truth:  runs   module

test:  returns the maximum of an array .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main function for ansible module .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  check if the specified port is a valid finder .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   requeues
truth:  get   sms

test:  given a url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  add   spyders
truth:  add   scheme

test:  decorator to check if an object is a unique value .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   map
truth:  fake   implementation

test:  compute the entropy of a given axis .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  calculate   feed
truth:  calculate   entropy

test:  return the current locale encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return the spectral corresponding estimate of the probability distribution .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   record
truth:  pulls   deviation

test:  returns github credentials for github .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  view   intialize
truth:  view   root

test:  determine the default group of a list of equal values .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  returns the length of the most line number in the string .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  return a filter prototype of a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   hits
truth:  transform   filter

test:  calculates the spearmans state of the given list of strings .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculates   repairs
truth:  calculates   correlation

test:  select a interacting with a currently installed seconds .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a dataset s for the specified package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  given   downloading
truth:  given   package

test:  returns the placementgroup client to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a minimal representation of a number of gpus .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  input   restart
truth:  input   account

test:  check the user in the session .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a wsgi-compatible .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   shared
truth:  issue   string

test:  return url to user avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return info about the user .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  import all module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  try   tear
truth:  try   module

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   define
truth:  set   path

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  test sub-attributes census .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  tests   reported
truth:  tests   function

test:  yields the application .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  provides   stays
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  download a file-like object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  starts the cloud shortens database .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  execute   xml
truth:  execute   runtime

test:  convert a file path to a file system path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   updates
truth:  runs   wsgi

test:  convert a continuous polynomial f to a r polynomial a dictionary of finite .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   algorithm
truth:  rotate   points

test:  returns an instance of the given class .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  show the version of ansi administration .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  use   objects
truth:  use   show

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  return the first two array in expr of the expression .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  use this decorator to inject argument to autoload key .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating paramsmom .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  get the network interfaces on net of the network interfaces .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  compare two digests of equal length .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   optdict
truth:  clears   lines

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return the server status .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power_exp hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  requests   switch
truth:  requests   list

test:  returns single string minus the remote and properly for use in testing .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  task intended to use for functional tests .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  ensure the zmq for a curve is valid .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  bundled   trim
truth:  bundled   support

test:  if we dont serve files match or not .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   sleep
truth:  is   files

test:  watch a username .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  post   unsets
truth:  post   watch

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  checks   responds
truth:  checks   database

test:  show all the rows for a specific old connection .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  render   restoring
truth:  render   data

test:  compute normalized fix for event editor .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  adds a new cloexec function .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   attacked
truth:  add   stats

test:  get iso8601 info for the provided datetime .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  deletes a topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  check if a container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  compute the skeleton of the hermite line .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   satisfy
truth:  teardown   container

test:  parse the xfs_estimate configuration file .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  check whether type of meg type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  ensure   teardown
truth:  ensure   type

test:  attempt to find the null window in the registry .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  uninstall an effect from a baremetal task .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  retrieves the exploration for a exploration .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  removes the header line of a sff file in the standard way .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  splits a value into a tuple of integers .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set the hashdb of the request .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return last error or none .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dump a private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   listen
truth:  dump   key

test:  return the minimum rsa key of key length n .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test idmapper hashing .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  copy each line of the infiles and delete infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes a mount point .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   coupling
truth:  deletes   target

test:  all groups have not been met .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  verifies   decide
truth:  verifies   groups

test:  parse an addon package and return a tuple of it .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  return a list of all configured on the symlink server in a specified environment .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  represent an s3 url as a web browser .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  make   tracks
truth:  make   urls

test:  converts an index array of features into a file .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  compute   forwards
truth:  compute   image

test:  find an icon on media .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  pulls   resizes
truth:  pulls   icon

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  helper function used to call a function .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  return the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   understemmed
truth:  merge   results

test:  sets the mysql collation for all graph_description of the given column .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  add assembly for one rack element .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  return true if the element exists in the csf changed/added .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  builds the validation string .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  check that policy is using policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  look   enabled
truth:  look   nova

test:  return the default backend url for functional tests .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solve the greatest common divisor of a theano shared variable uses the first two 32-bit integer .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the length of the string .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  return   outline
truth:  return   hex

test:  run lines between several lines .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  update container metadata .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  detects entities in the file located in the given language .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  errors errors with an exception thrown by errors .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  decode string s to 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decomposes
truth:  decode   rfc

test:  display all repositories within the account .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  ask an error message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  a helper decorator to decide which the project can be used for other views that need to have permission .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled permissions for the course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  attempt to wrap the save_config save_config .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  show all tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  get   append
truth:  get   tenant

test:  match a batch variable with a new variable and add variable .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  prepend   releases
truth:  prepend   axis

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns data as a dictionary .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw data .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  used if the response returned a response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  servicerecord add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   connect
truth:  decodes   entities

test:  assert and tp10x one app specification for needed to reorder .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  quotes the " and characters in a text and characters .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  pulls   learn
truth:  pulls   quotes

test:  get the value of the namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  extract messages from a specific keywords or starts with the given tags .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   derive
truth:  extract   templates

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  test a line with an empty dimension .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the result of unsafe:: .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  setting   forms
truth:  setting   result

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   based
truth:  expand   address

test:  sync all apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   were
truth:  sync   property

test:  find an account by name or account object .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  retrieves   restart
truth:  retrieves   account

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   named
truth:  find   z

test:  given a utf8 object .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  given   remounts
truth:  given   obj

test:  return the appropriate host string .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  format   throw
truth:  format   x

test:  get an http client from a 822 api service .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   install
truth:  test   response

test:  return the url to use for automatic tests .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  register a single module for a module .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   tear
truth:  add   module

test:  test writes htmls report to html .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   serialize
truth:  test   str

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from a stream of bytes .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypts   hover
truth:  decrypts   bytes

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   reported
truth:  mask   function

test:  loads a file .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  take care of the received and return it associated with it receives dependencies and determining the new one of the change dependencies .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  prints a message to the debug logger .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  needed   pulls
truth:  needed   null

test:  returns a redirect response with the given arguments .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  issue   asserting
truth:  issue   redirect

test:  reads in the local plugins .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   interpolated
truth:  returns   plugins

test:  wrapper for inserting image .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  increase   analyzes
truth:  increase   size

test:  render a mako template .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  return lists of two items .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  escape any split_header_words links .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  dumps   talking
truth:  dumps   dict

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  decorator that checks the cupy result is equal .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  pulls   understemmed
truth:  pulls   results

test:  update a mongodb site in the given config file .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  update   bench
truth:  update   value

test:  convenience function to create a client .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  return an messages for the given python module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  run the next item from the iterator to return .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   pulls
truth:  disallow   null

test:  reshape the input string so that it only data is an array .
truth: if possible . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates a textual numeric name for the given object .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  converts   rules
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  unpack an empty lines .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retry a case of raised that errors .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  executes   overlay
truth:  executes   func

test:  returns the product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  validate that choice matches in an input argument .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual dvs associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the variable .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  return the list of tuples within a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  retrieve a random date .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  retrieve feedback form for the current user .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters to a certain number of characters .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   gauss
truth:  truncates   strings

test:  returns a set of all stats in sx .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the identity pool pool pool for the given pool .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns the number of rounded to a rounded number .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  round   located
truth:  round   method

test:  split a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the response data for both the login and refresh views .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  decorator to compare two images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   indicating
truth:  compare   images

test:  returns the requested flavor image policy for a given image policy .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  extract   forwards
truth:  extract   image

test:  return true if an upstart service is disabled in the list of upstart files an upstart service .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  are   iterates
truth:  are   comment

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  gets package info .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   hides
truth:  makes   pointer

test:  get all the original workers in other workers .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  create and return a png file .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  generate circle circle percentage between two numbers .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this method takes the text and an optional document it against a previous element .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  removes   uncheck
truth:  removes   element

test:  copy a file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  process   pass
truth:  process   document

test:  get the points of a point .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  make a connection object for an options plot .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run a mock module if it is not available .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  place   mounts
truth:  place   objects

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the size of the day that was previously set .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  attempt   newlines
truth:  attempt   dimensions

test:  return cpu usage of time corresponding to megacycles .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  build a script .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yaml: sitemonitor publish code style sitemonitor requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  remove multiple threads from key .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  helper function to convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a 2d dict .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  returns   polling
truth:  returns   webob

test:  resource header for flexible use .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   enhance
truth:  header   items

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  simple test for %rerun .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  displays the login form and handles a login action .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse time zone and return the contents of the cluster .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  rotate an executable in the system .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   drill
truth:  execute   run

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  crop the crop background image .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   forwards
truth:  crop   image

test:  lists all available locales cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  import module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  create a network field for a given model type .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  least common multiple between 2 integers .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  pulls   assert
truth:  pulls   multiple

test:  return a vlan to the given vm and the vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  find the index where to the gives gives a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  upload upload data to file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   daemonize
truth:  download   memcache

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   clip
truth:  create   record

test:  check that module is not from the appropriate module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  helper to return the estimated channel if input is a estimated number .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  person a person instance from a text tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  automatically adjust files using scp .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  updates a game to the requested game .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  parses   compiling
truth:  parses   home

test:  calculate the supplied hex digits of the series .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns a new dict where value has all the value in a single item from the given multi value .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  frees a list of audio output available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns x .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  abs(z) absolute deviation .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   saving
truth:  parse   feature

test:  find the search rank of a given ratings and ratings .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  extracts a capabilities list from a string .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  get instructs import tool dependencies .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  pulls   blocking
truth:  pulls   outputs

test:  start : lbrace declaration_list statement_list .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  start   dst
truth:  start   c

test:  load an ssh channel .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   multiply
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  choose   forwards
truth:  choose   image

test:  helper to call f on expressions .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  pulls   empty
truth:  pulls   attempts

test:  adds a new string to the default value .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  builds a dictionary describing a volume from a dictionary .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return an iterator over a dict .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  coerce value to an object .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  completion for "cd" .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  escape an object in an segfault compatible way .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get modules value declared to the values dictionary .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  disable   tear
truth:  disable   module

test:  get the user count .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  call this function via an incomplete column .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  get a dictionary with the name and the currently selected key .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   format
truth:  get   parameter

test:  generates a random sample number from a replacement for each class .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  choose   parameterize
truth:  choose   integers

test:  rescinds data about students override for a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   attempt
truth:  sets   extension

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a set linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  test cross-validation without a trainer .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  test io mrk .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parses input from a dict .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  pulls   cleaned
truth:  pulls   configurations

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  if the request is less than or not .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  update a users instance .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   restart
truth:  update   account

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  compute the exponential allocation .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  since a file-back states will not cause primary for a user .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   pulls
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a local message .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   generating
truth:  create   shell

test:  helper function to make the iqr for an array of indices .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  create a logical volume group .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  transform a box into a sequenceexample point number .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  pulls   leaving
truth:  pulls   cython

test:  approximation of equal to the power of equal parts .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  stops service via daemontools .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  return data about a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   referenced
truth:  return   bookmark

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator factory that invokes a decorator factory function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  registers a primitive copy of an image .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   publish
truth:  output   graph

test:  verify that a string is associated with a little 120 .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  ensure   contained
truth:  ensure   snapshots

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  assert that a signal is returned when the siteresources a signal is complete .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  send a custom event heartbeat .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  return true if the given special node is a method in the expressions .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   aligns
truth:  update   volume

test:  returns a float that has an valid colorscale .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  get the areal average from the sides .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  test the results of the autentication .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a compiled silences function that maps all of the attribute .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  used   forbid
truth:  used   options

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  test a qt result value .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get region code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   drops
truth:  make   call

test:  return list of active conferences .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a pep instance for the given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  check for installation has identical or rgba8 file .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  convert object to a python object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  return the line offset where the first offset is the offset of the line .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  resolve the extensions file like extensions .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  loads   optparse
truth:  loads   extensions

test:  converts a list of ciphers to a python file .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  converts   labeled
truth:  converts   file

test:  register a linear line containing the escaped lines of the matrix .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  we receive the nsga-ii source file and apache apache .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handle   knapsack
truth:  handle   request

test:  get a dask sync sync on database .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the gravatar url for a gravatar given an email address .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  returns   coefficients
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  returns the harmonic mean of an array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  revoke the current database from the logs .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   assure
truth:  revoke   challenge

test:  standard log .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  fixture for tests .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns the number of octet bytes in mask for a given mask .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  turns   combined
truth:  turns   ipv4

test:  decorator factory to create a new decorated function that returns a new function lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  construct the courses index page .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  create translated strings .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  get   stretch
truth:  get   language

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   sort
truth:  compute   exponential

test:  create a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  does the plugin module registration .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  return the absolute value of a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  true if the class is an abstract class .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   downgrades
truth:  point   point

test:  helper function to trims the absolute paths back into their respective values .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  validates the tool shed is a valid tool of a comma-separated tool .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  validates   solve
truth:  validates   settings

test:  creates a authentication value from a url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  finds   shared
truth:  finds   string

test:  individual a test .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts text to native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   restoring
truth:  takes   data

test:  initialize the random seeds with statement .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  return an ordered dict of fullname objects for kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  pulls   rising
truth:  pulls   group

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return the value of the appropriate connection .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  returns a random string of "length" whitespace .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  return the first available services that are available but splitting .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a circle nodes .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  perform any other character which matches the character which is not in the string |s| .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  quote a string for use in a http response .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on the trigger used / referenced inside the rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fixes up to generic bytes from process .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a dictionary with the props id from each image .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  static pages .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  copy data from src to the file .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   updating
truth:  copy   archive

test:  returns the list of ipv4 interfaces which can be configured working interfaces .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  write the book .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  link   labeled
truth:  link   file

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   inhibit
truth:  get   label

test:  given a file descriptor .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  create a stateful string suitable for ctr encryption modes .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  ping the urls for an entry .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   tracks
truth:  ping   urls

test:  test installing from a package with a wheel .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper function to get sharejs sharejs node from a dictionary .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  format   squeezing
truth:  format   uuid

test:  creates a new request for the specified user .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 message to an http rsa .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the depth of many targets that were uploaded with the given target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  determine   coupling
truth:  determine   target

test:  create and initialize a temporary file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  test event ordering .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   limiting
truth:  test   order

test:  return an pem string .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  defining   preloading
truth:  defining   host

test:  gets virtual interface by instance id or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns a handle to use in the page for the page .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  check whether image can be converted to local size .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath as dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   autoencoder
truth:  update   xml

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  set up the concord232 sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  calculate s for a string .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  a view that returns a list of config files .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  check   usage_key_string
truth:  check   view

test:  configure old state to check the optionparser process .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  parabolic cylinder functions repeatedly functions of the second kind and derivatives .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  convert a service value to a unit .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   throttle
truth:  convert   unit

test:  unpack a double-precision .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   cleaning
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  convert the data into a buffer .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  test   disconnecting
truth:  test   sudo

test:  creates a token and use it to nbunch a token .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  appends   compiling
truth:  appends   home

test:  ajax preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  pulls   turning
truth:  pulls   posts

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   spin
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  takes a dictionary and uses it to query .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  returns the name of the type sql such that the given column exists .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  converts a 1024 value to a bytes object .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  construct a cache to download the cache .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  finds   define
truth:  finds   path

test:  translates url to the given url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  delete a blob from the instance .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  create server configuration .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   freezing
truth:  create   configuration

test:  simple ldap to bind a file .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  show the details from a scaleway baremetal server .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the hierarchical clustering of the sets of the matrix clustering .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   merges
truth:  return   clustering

test:  see sample_iter .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  fft   pulls
truth:  fft   null

test:  dynamically load a class from a module into a class .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  adapted   access
truth:  adapted   url

test:  a factory for _eprocess .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  check   document
truth:  check   brackets

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   oriented
truth:  like   meth

test:  construct an object holding binary data .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  simulates a login event .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  performs   relying
truth:  performs   login

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  try to broadcast the returned set the primitives parameter to true if the root returned by a test suite .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  refresh   unquoting
truth:  refresh   environment

test:  check if we have a valid system .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  creates a diagonal array from the flattened input .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute the edge boundary for nodes in a bipartite graph g .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   pack
truth:  returns   edge

test:  check if https verification is running .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get fixed ip by a list of fixed address .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  read a qiime file with qiime .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   transliterate
truth:  test   variable

test:  compute polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  test that an empty encoding works .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  pulls   look
truth:  pulls   utf-8

test:  check worktree .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetches the fetches key from the application .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  download   listen
truth:  download   key

test:  get symmetrix loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  view that redirects to a user .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  convert a text to a return value from the rest of the text .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  tries to ensure that the decorated class is an instance of the given class .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  returns the leading norm of the minibatch of a multivariate polynomial f .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  calculates   assuming
truth:  calculates   norm

test:  multivariate normal cumulative distribution function .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  calculates   limiting
truth:  calculates   order

test:  escape a backslashes binary with the same data .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  ordinal algorithm for *ref* package .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  python wrapper for python 2 .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of a simple network .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  create a tarball to create a tarball in it .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   denotes
truth:  create   tarball

test:  return a list of the schemas of the given module .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices on the system .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  find the index of a node that has the given index .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  generate tests to use for temporary files .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert metadata from long to a flavor dict .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  succeeds email preferences for the given recipients .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  take two lists and split it into a single string containing that it is not always not break with values .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  separate   equalize
truth:  separate   email

test:  return a list of all tests from a given runner .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  reshapes shape of a variable without a tensor .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  decorator for wrapping functions .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  only work on freebsd and when freebsd is running .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  module   fake
truth:  module   load

test:  returns a list of tuples of the adapted from the list of classes .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  del a mac ip address .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  called   remaining
truth:  called   lease

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the local where clause name is .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  dump   switch
truth:  dump   list

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert an ip address to a uuid .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   physicists
truth:  returns   suffix

test:  returns a dict containing the connected values that can be used to access the current script .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  provides   crop
truth:  provides   directory

test:  return the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   assembles
truth:  compute   coefficients

test:  return a hard .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   enhanced
truth:  transliterate   object

test:  generate a secure path .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  compute   shared
truth:  compute   string

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create symlink .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  link   profile
truth:  link   theme

test:  returns full path to executable in the system .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  converts size in milliseconds to a human readable format .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  print   unmarshalling
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generates current doc current doc .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  skew mu moment .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   signals
truth:  is   moment

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  write the source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   unlocking
truth:  write   source

test:  convert a number to a hex string .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   outline
truth:  convert   hex

test:  return list of available pids of the process .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  verify   explode
truth:  verify   processes

test:  parse a string into an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  tickets view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  filtered   point
truth:  filtered   status

test:  gzip the gzip data using the gzip standard deviations .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   removes
truth:  return   gzip

test:  render the python modules components in the rendering system .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  return x rotated discrete sine .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a list of the queue with the given models .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  works   concatenates
truth:  works   ordering

test:  create an existing retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   holding
truth:  create   policy

test:  return the path to the python binary for installing from the output of a given python .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert points to other utm points .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  return true if the request is a whitelist method .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  check   preloading
truth:  check   host

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   urlencode
truth:  log   item

test:  create a template file and fires it with the given context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the last item in a second argument .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   instantiate
truth:  returns   arguments

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  close the connection to the proxy device .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   label
truth:  attach   custom

test:  return locale to djangos :func:direct_to_template .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  classify sequence of float numbers of length 3 sequences of length 3 using single layer of gru units and softmax applied to a sequence of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  apply   fonts
truth:  apply   layer

test:  only load the module if the kernel is windows .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  write the string to the real root .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  display a resource .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  write   compile
truth:  write   documentation

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  list the keys available to a vmware environment .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  lists   serves
truth:  lists   roles

test:  detect_encoding() of precomputed .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  load   unlinks
truth:  load   fixture

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shuts   chew
truth:  shuts   service

test:  check an input filename matches the correct version we match a regular expression .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   thinks
truth:  attach   issue

test:  ensure that the filename is set correctly .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  load only if chocolatey is loaded .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   pinned_array
truth:  load   execution

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  increment the rate of the network architecture .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  pulls   format
truth:  pulls   parameter

test:  moves widgets to an existing widget .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   parsed
truth:  handle   widgets

test:  scale the image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  field_id : const field_type identifier = const_value | boolconstant | const_list | const | const_ref .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the given directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  return 1 for brands .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  pulls   pyopenssl
truth:  pulls   convenience

test:  apply a method to an inventory dictionary .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   adjust
truth:  turn   inventory

test:  skirt the fill file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  writes debug to stdout .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  delete a filtered repo .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   commit
truth:  deletes   repository

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   expose
truth:  delete   credentials

test:  converts a #rrggbb ip address to rrggbb .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  attempt to kill a job with a given jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  get gcode integer if it is in the split line .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  encode a piece of text .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that an existing project is initialized by the reserved code .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  error if there are any error .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  checks   based
truth:  checks   address

test:  return server info cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  test   reduced
truth:  test   cli

test:  return the vcs repr of a strength .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  unpack the first archive to a dict .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  update volume type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  default sleep for amount of connected to be used for tests .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  displays   reloads
truth:  displays   amount

test:  cusum test for normality .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  waits for uptime to display a stack trace .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pauses   allocate
truth:  pauses   user

test:  gets the difference between the current configuration and the current configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  resets   igor
truth:  resets   device

test:  l2-inf norm squared .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  gets option value of option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  pass   cause
truth:  pass   option

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns a wsgi auth .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  adds   expose
truth:  adds   credentials

test:  converts a numpy array of 0s to a bool array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  obtain a simple user .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   translated
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a running ubuntu for the minion .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  raise an exception .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  return memory since the number of memory since the process .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  produces the input string and returns the prefix .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  replace   stores
truth:  replace   name

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   knapsack
truth:  perform   request

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  set the given properties on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   rising
truth:  update   group

test:  mount a file to disk .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   embedded
truth:  mount   example

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  determine the thumbnail path for a given image .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  gets the long description for an application .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the expression matching the regexp .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  return   compress
truth:  return   db

test:  binary -> .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  generator to iterate over alphabet .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  returns the min cost of a dominating weighted cost .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  simple task to upload files .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   hostname
truth:  upload   vm

test:  returns a uniform distribution .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  pulls   threshold
truth:  pulls   distribution

test:  serialize python data to json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  gets the release group of an image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  download   recommended
truth:  download   art

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  adds the value to the beginning of the given value .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   parameter

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  shorthand for creating a socket socket to the host .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tsdb interface .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get dependencies from a given the database .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  imports modules .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that the tail of bayesian works with non-existing works .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  make sure symbols can produce integers .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   deployed
truth:  make   symbols

test:  generate standard kindofgarch process where each process is a standard deviation of statsmodels .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  simulate   prettify
truth:  simulate   process

test:  remove buckets characters from a valid string or byte string .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   thrusting
truth:  remove   space

test:  enroll email .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  enroll   equalize
truth:  enroll   email

test:  returns a list of forums .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  always return a unicode string .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a -> list return trace of the longest elements of the longest value .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   persists
truth:  returns   subsequence

test:  adds a unique command to the given app .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  updates comments in categorical .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   fetches
truth:  update   parent

test:  return path to rss rss for a collector .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  get data .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes all global namespaces and add them to the user .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  return   makes
truth:  return   namespaces

test:  instructs chocolatey to install a package via prefix .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   delay
truth:  require   conda

test:  set a fake locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  image type allowed to be used for validating the available admin admin instance .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   reallocation
truth:  register   collection

test:  return data for a set of distributions using dist parameters data : array_like .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  pulls   broadcasts
truth:  pulls   colorize

test:  fill file system same .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  check   disabling
truth:  check   filenames

test:  set the authentication to be used in the session .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  check if the address represents an ipv4 address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   shared
truth:  determine   string

test:  split words in a string into an html number of html markup .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  installs a specific reinstall ruby the given ruby ruby the ruby for which to run reinstall .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  pulls   disconnected
truth:  pulls   ruby

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  checks if a string is a valid python path .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  pulls   etc_services
truth:  pulls   sensors

test:  functional test environment for launching convergence functionality .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  keeps   skills
truth:  keeps   track

test:  api to handle service hooks from github repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  pulls   challengenes
truth:  pulls   hooks

test:  calculate the weighted element from a list of weighted values .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  returns   fit
truth:  returns   choices

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   producing
truth:  retrieve   certificate

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get the sqs conn .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  show a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   plan
truth:  show   profile

test:  convert a string representation of the current thread .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  converts   appends
truth:  converts   add

test:  extract the transform from a regexp value .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   boolean

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  copy a file reference to the history .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  save   labeled
truth:  save   file

test:  recursively processes a dict of type root .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  look   exception
truth:  look   macros

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  yaml: dry configure an dry report requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:summary plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build image or disable a specific jail or return build packages cli example: .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  run   locked
truth:  run   build

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   removing
truth:  perform   parse

test:  return the number of cpus in the system (same .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the score values .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   skipping
truth:  returns   score

test:  replaces characters of a string with a given name .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  flattened version of config-file .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  return a list of meters by a source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  return a list of words separated by the string .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   minpoly(add
truth:  get   words

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   crop
truth:  ask   directory

test:  validate that the provided value is a valid vorbis string .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  goes   teardown
truth:  goes   type

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  replace macros with optional access to a warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  ask wrapper for horizontal .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  return an astroid class for the num_perms object .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  get information about an elb .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  check for proxmox configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  shim to add an auth to a url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   access
truth:  add   url

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  validates that a tls set with a certificate object in the specified object .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validate   executed
truth:  validate   dictionary

test:  reference(s): shared transform .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  shared   simulating
truth:  shared   input

test:  split a dictionary into a list of dictionaries .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  returns a list of categories to be used to ordered categories .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   shifted
truth:  seek   units

test:  escape a string for use in html shell to obtain the confit .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   rms
truth:  escape   javascript

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  send output to inform carbon carbon .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  remove a organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   filename
truth:  purge   organization

test:  if the user has permission to access this node .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  separates   generate
truth:  separates   users

test:  check the output with specified recorder .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  check to see if a virtual machine exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert obj to a python type for debug .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  create a repository to guess for the given trans type .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  called   inquire
truth:  called   tool

test:  compute the gauss-chebyshev quadrature nodes .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  computes the shortest path lengths between all nodes in g .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   ip
truth:  compute   paths

test:  parses a field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  take   define
truth:  take   path

test:  return the host of the host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new secgroup cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   enabled
truth:  add   nova

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a predicate function to integers .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  pulls   sleeping
truth:  pulls   price

test:  return all subplots that match a given image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  returns   parens
truth:  returns   figure

test:  creates a nice bit number n from a given number .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   vms
truth:  are   thread

test:  function to construct a fuse from a fuse function .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return true if the object is an object .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   enhanced
truth:  formats   object

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  find the shape of an expression along any timeout .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   ensure
truth:  turn   prediction

test:  error handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  show a print a list of legend for a legend .
truth: map command . 
test:  map   authorizes
truth:  map   command

test:  construct cli options from the user .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  handle   reduced
truth:  handle   cli

test:  takes a 2d numpy array .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  finds   newlines
truth:  finds   dimensions

test:  format html format for use in a url response .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   mounts
truth:  find   objects

test:  returns a vpc object in the form with the given vpc id or the vpc .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  finds   fft
truth:  finds   vpc

test:  extract messages from a given message string .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  change value of quantiles of dense value .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  makes   xor
truth:  makes   scale

test:  create a k[x] polynomial with the given figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   parens
truth:  create   figure

test:  get the payload .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  benchmark a sequence of benchmark urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  pulls   correct
truth:  pulls   async

test:  returns the user preference for the given username .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  deletes   buckets
truth:  deletes   preference

test:  using fulfillment fulfillment .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  get all profile config values from the table .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  raise a warning msg .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  return true iff a and b are similar to have the same file signature .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check that make_pairs differences logs are not satisfied .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   pings
truth:  validate   behavior

test:  create an email model instance for interacting with the given model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  given   populates
truth:  given   params

test:  detect modules with an import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  list roles of a particular role cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  get the javascript code of a locale in locale .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test that the corrmat distance matrix of dist is a corrmat distribution .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  get the file system of the current process .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  place an order by specified id .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  detach the specified policy to the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   holding
truth:  detach   policy

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  use   exposes
truth:  use   values

test:  register an abstract checking that are used as expected .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a waits until the vm logs an intact one block based on the system status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  pulls   aligns
truth:  pulls   volume

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   validating
truth:  produce   clause

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get list of github commit .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  encrypts content .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  format   customized
truth:  format   salt

test:  return list of comments on each metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return set of strings that extension extensions with extensions .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get the volume of sound .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  return a sorted list of valid increase .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  create database .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  prepare the argument for a script .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  sends the given recipients with order invoice .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  returns a dict of poudriere main configuration values cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  adds a task to the predicted group .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the value of the supplied encoding .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   deconvolves
truth:  declare   level

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from a .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  always return an invalid signed signed socket .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  compares   facebook
truth:  compares   pairwise

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   wanted
truth:  creates   filename

test:  requests a new password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   terminate
truth:  sends   password

test:  normalize an expression to a blaze expression .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  lambda   pulls
truth:  lambda   null

test:  search the display path for a given schema .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   bench
truth:  gives   value

test:  for computing the ~names .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  pulls   context
truth:  pulls   contact

test:  constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   supplied
truth:  constructs   api

test:  call this function via a shell command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  used for testing .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  a helper method to test the editor filter with a cannot search .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  tests   obj
truth:  tests   filters

test:  returns the default gcs for use in configuring .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  gets   enters
truth:  gets   bucket

test:  returns the mean of the source element .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test reconstruction where elements are not implemented by the same .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  prints a warning underscore message .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  compute time-frequency representation using epochs .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   grant
truth:  compute   power

test:  exploit -> str create a comma separated byte string .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  flip   cyclen
truth:  flip   percentage

test:  filter the provided secret dict .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  finds the unix timestamp when a process has a given process .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   prettify
truth:  provides   process

test:  flags a comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  convert an ordinal string to a value that is included in a thread name based on the number of strings .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  transform   enforce
truth:  transform   iri

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adds a schema on the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   evpn
truth:  creates   schema

test:  makes a wsgi application for the locally locally .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  paste   paging
truth:  paste   interface

test:  function to decide which there are either a order or a adds adds any distutils cost .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  limit   pulls
truth:  limit   null

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the perspective object returned by the perspective operator .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   pick
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the disk driver driver .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   widget
truth:  pick   libvirt

test:  with explicit upload .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  set keys for the dictionary keys in a dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  return image label .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  list user saved playlists .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  delete   clean
truth:  delete   playlist

test:  initialize redis connection .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  starts   ellipsoid
truth:  starts   pool

test:  splits strings into a list of strings .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  make   switch
truth:  make   list

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  return a auto configuration dictionary for a resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  documents the resource operation on a given resource operation .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  returns a unicode string .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a job id for the job id of the specified job id .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  extract a symbol from a dask dataframe .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   stops
truth:  publish   topic

test:  ensure the broadcastable reallocation works okay .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   labeled
truth:  restores   file

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  try to apply the pattern against all of the given string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  lookup   iuploader
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return h of graph g and h h for g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  pulls   hash
truth:  pulls   flow

test:  make a direct support for the protection .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  return a 400 bad request error .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the system command to use for the specified platform .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  cleans up a temp file .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  load and return the plain key .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  verify that a test user is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   pick
truth:  returns   callback

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  a view that can download an notification .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  request   wrapped
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a path looks like it .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  load config file and returns config .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  validates   labeled
truth:  validates   file

test:  sends a message to the log file msg .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  get a list of replacement string by their actions .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  show the cassandra version this cluster is useful for imports in extrafiles .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   extract
truth:  show   version

test:  find the footnotes .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  upgrade all windows .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  creates an index key .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  bit a pandas address in ipv6 format .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  provides   bench
truth:  provides   value

test:  return true if cron is a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   loads
truth:  return   changes

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  verifies signed content using a given cookie .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   modbus
truth:  verify   cookie

test:  prints an error message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  add   indexes
truth:  add   snapshot

test:  use this function to get the users field and find it in the parameter .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   extract
truth:  gets   version

test:  make sure we get a color string or raise valueerror if it is a valid color or a string .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return the current error formatting .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  formats   prioritized
truth:  formats   messages

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  make sure that a user is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  enable   unmask
truth:  enable   profiles

test:  deploy an application to a file .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   roundrobin
truth:  deploy   application

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  tests to ensure log file at the end of a log file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  logs   ssl
truth:  logs   errors

test:  adds the specified headers to the given httpresponse then resource .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  launch a url with the given url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  wait for the login to have .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  make   empty
truth:  make   attempts

test:  return the parameters of an image and size using leapfrog .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  use tree behave to test the bucket .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  list all files under a particular directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  read a list of reflog reflog .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   instantiate
truth:  translate   arguments

test:  checks whether two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  adding adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  compile a function .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  given   batch
truth:  given   code

test:  compute the distance between two points .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  compute a a fourier or cosine-type transform f(k) = a fourier b*sin f(x) dx .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts a bcd value to a bcd value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the minimum request-host of a fraction device .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  creates   throttle
truth:  creates   unit

test:  return the minimum coefficient of the graph .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  compute   defines
truth:  compute   attributes

test:  extracts the list of strings and returns the matching multistring .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns first derivative of difference between two points .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  pulls   iterator
truth:  pulls   kernel

test:  run expected values in a string .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  restful crud controller for checking enrolled .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  finds the minkowski dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  testing when a threading module is allowed to reference all .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return the status of changed files in *path* .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   eliminates
truth:  list   elements

test:  read samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one or more variables parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  pulls   discover
truth:  pulls   closing

test:  indicates the first root of the word mainloop .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this view generates a list of available security results .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  converts a string to a datetime .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   evacuate
truth:  convert   precision

test:  context manager that sets the default app to listen_fds .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  setup   induce
truth:  setup   testing

test:  unquotes a string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  get the users web page for a particular problem .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  validate that a string is a valid html string .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  searches through the available explorations .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  registers a mimetype for the given handler .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  ensure that exactly count matching containers exist in any state .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  return the line numbers for each line .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns true on the device .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  lists all the energy directories .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  print   highlight
truth:  print   row

test:  get a partition .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   rotated
truth:  return   partition

test:  return a list .
truth: get slug . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students grades grades and push the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  cleans an http request .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   access
truth:  clean   url

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return r-ary sample ids based on l{asynctestcase} .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the id of a value to the appropriate slice instance .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   named
truth:  set   z

test:  set or densities a specific hostname .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sets the time left to make a method suitable for the bounds .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  retrieves instance type access by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  common implementation of previously getcfs .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  caches   pulls
truth:  caches   null

test:  find service search for given service .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   redirecting
truth:  search   entity

test:  separate top-level lines after class definitions with two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   reported
truth:  separate   function

test:  check if two arrays dont consider one or more than one entity .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  replacement for failure in the struct code .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  create a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  creates   listen
truth:  creates   key

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   whiten
truth:  get   computenode

test:  tests that the list/queryset implementation of the same dimension as the polynomials function .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return the path to the temporary directory if it should not be a supported or application name .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert numbers to float .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  adds the specified headers to the response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  find the top level by a dictionary .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  return a generator of half of the ruby values .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns a vlan to use for the given namespace .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  return true if the namespace is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the most recent options .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   forbid
truth:  returns   options

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path to the file .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  get   fill
truth:  get   pathname

test:  retrieve the users behavior of a callable .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   results
truth:  get   keywords

test:  restart the named service to not start at boot .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  return sensors .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   unlinks
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to define a function that applies the specified argument to a function .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  decorates   write
truth:  decorates   dependencies

test:  perform the operation on the operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  show a setuptools package version of the package .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  make a class instance from a class instance .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  extract integer tasks from a task .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   inverts
truth:  retrieve   statuses

test:  generate a fnpickle .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  pickle   enhanced
truth:  pickle   object

test:  parses a string to check the appropriate class/method rule .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parse   check

test:  return a packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  converts   talk
truth:  converts   packet

test:  returns the current environment variable .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return true if c{reactor} appears to a new-style interface .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/ .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  generate   uncheck
truth:  generate   element

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  swap larger .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  testing   exposes
truth:  testing   values

test:  asset asset page .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   populating
truth:  update   info

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  initialize custom livestreamer livestreamer .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  creates   command
truth:  creates   session

test:  only run the decorated test in the lms test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  check whether http server can be successful .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  pulls   widgets
truth:  pulls   responses

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  returns the network device function .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   constrained
truth:  returns   functions

test:  write to debconf questions for all packages in the running format:: {package: [[question .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  return information about the diff cache .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update a default .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  checks and parse the langage language for language parameter .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  dragonfly doji .
truth: advance block . 
test:  advance   converted
truth:  advance   block

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  add a energy of two player values .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  adds   init
truth:  adds   modules

test:  extracts the required players from a site .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   optdict
truth:  write   lines

test:  get the hardware address for a program .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  have   inhibit
truth:  have   label

test:  returns the llvm llvm functions .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  sign a string signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   shared
truth:  sign   string

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  returns a group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  helper function to load and return a dictionary of the entire values .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  test hermite cardinal .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  run a shell command with an exit code .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  function   authorizes
truth:  function   command

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  updates the specified tenants quota value cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns a dict containing the filenames for a complete set of profile images .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  return the login class of the ports builtin .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   pulls
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   evacuate
truth:  check   precision

test:  if self is not in a thing .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  return true if the python extension is a python package .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  exit [<code>] exits twill .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  if troubleshooting is a list-like .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  query   signs
truth:  query   display

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   extract
truth:  adapted   version

test:  puts to ccu/homegear .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  change   grouping
truth:  change   system

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  check for import .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   enabled
truth:  check   nova

test:  block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  block   igor
truth:  block   device

test:  dispatch from the metadata of objects .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  computes the decorrelation color space between w and j .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  verify that the given package is installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  sends a warning .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  concatenate concatenate the files to files .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  export   sleep
truth:  export   files

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  apply a forward to the most recent data .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  if any of the compr file .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   formatted
truth:  compute   rate

test:  this function is a constant around a or designed to calculate the gradient of the polynomial of dense .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  displays add events .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  render   reserializes
truth:  render   widget

test:  list items from a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   bartels
truth:  function   contents

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  test   flip
truth:  test   python

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  convert a size in bytes into megabytes .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   analyzes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  to see if volume is available .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   aligns
truth:  list   volume

test:  encrypts a polynomial .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  -   access
truth:  -   url

test:  this is a silly small function which checks to see if a string is not words .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  helper function to pretty print unicode output .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  see   flattens
truth:  see   output

test:  update addons+collections session .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   command
truth:  update   session

test:  return the install layers for a running system cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  point-wise regression for linearity the window-change divided .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  recursively update the given dict .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  search for cohort cohorts objects .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  permutations of the absolute value of a sound or permutations of the y: database .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  check   uploads
truth:  check   factorization

test:  get public certificates for use during the cleans .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   gunzip
truth:  get   certificates

test:  adds a media structure of media objects to media document .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  helper to morph .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  pulls   unlocking
truth:  pulls   source

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  test that installing a local directory using no setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  run the end of the string .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  split a string apart into multiple columns .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   testsuites
truth:  split   keyword

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  resolve a sinks to a python source node .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  write message to the stdout file .
truth: output a string . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  get the root directory path .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  pulls   decompile
truth:  pulls   wiki

test:  get vlm_media instance playback instance by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  merge two entries into a single path .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merge   unescaped
truth:  merge   entries

test:  resolve a namespace name into a private name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  safe way to be a unique file .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  return a copy of kludge .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  takes   enroll
truth:  takes   iterator

test:  get solid path from elementnode .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  verifies that the specified cron job is absent for the specified user; only the name of the specified cron user to remove mask from the specified cron mask .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  get definition class from a pattern or a sparse frame .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  warn about the iers .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  generate   eventlet
truth:  generate   warning

test:  parse the list of tags in a comma-separated file .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse the command line options :returns: a options manager .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parses   forbid
truth:  parses   options

test:  gets the path to the appropriate profiler of the given profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   be
truth:  parses   acl

test:  evaluate univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   combine
truth:  evaluate   transformation

test:  creates and returns the openlabs script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   retrying
truth:  is   compatibility

test:  updates the opkg database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   responds
truth:  updates   database

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  function that returns a string containing one of the "exec" function .
truth: run some function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert the native set to a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  gets query to use for ssl user .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  list floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  list   adict
truth:  list   pools

test:  return absolute path to the file .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  add interfaces for a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  bind   paging
truth:  bind   interface

test:  create a message .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  display   draft
truth:  display   prompt

test:  mark a task as belonging to enable tasks .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  remove   reserializes
truth:  remove   widget

test:  create the login .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  pulls   relying
truth:  pulls   login

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  returns the percentage of the values in an iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  sum   eliminates
truth:  sum   elements

test:  write write entities to csv format .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  apply the specified ids .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  allocates   simplifying
truth:  allocates   range

test:  write a checkpoint .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  write   understemmed
truth:  write   results

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  a generator of overlapping tuples must be nice to tagging eliot-based parameters .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create a continuous negotiation packet using the given subset .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a boto connection for a service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  returns all volumes matching consistency .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  test if an error is raised if a wrong operator .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  applies   looking
truth:  applies   operator

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   marking
truth:  lists   qos

test:  find absolute path to the base_path .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  find   sleep
truth:  find   files

test:  use social links to make sure plugin can accept .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  method decorator to add local functions to local abbreviations .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  plugin   float
truth:  plugin   decorator

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  return the inertia inertia distances .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   centers
truth:  compute   labels

test:  verify that a dict validator .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create a new volume id for the given cluster and rev: .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  apply a function is an expression with a multivariate signal that uses the size of expr to align .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  creates   analyze
truth:  creates   copy

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  write 3 byte integer .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   linkify
truth:  write   integer

test:  remove a cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   joins
truth:  remove   cluster

test:  for saving only returns the current local client .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  converts a and b to a += of a and b .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  pulls   cancels
truth:  pulls   typeerror

test:  runs a command in a working directory .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  transforms a sequence of tuples into a list of dicts .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   interfacing
truth:  remove   axes

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns all bulk submissions .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   enhanced
truth:  imports   object

test:  comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   bails
truth:  comapare   phrases

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   eliminates
truth:  extract   elements

test:  set the block scalar value .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return volumes usage that were last time .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  register an entry to the cache api and cache it .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  compute the hilbert transform of a sequence of n elements .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   dumps
truth:  compute   signal

test:  lower(s) -> string return a copy of the string s converted to lowercase .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  returns the actual ajax url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  parse a blaze expression into a usable expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  get   lowercases
truth:  get   verbose

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  ensures   advised
truth:  ensures   commands

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   rising
truth:  associate   group

test:  post post access to the latest post post .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  exposes   located
truth:  exposes   method

test:  writes sample range .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  applies   simplifying
truth:  applies   range

test:  extract the plugin plugin plugin tuple from the state .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  set the subnet name on or password .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  test either if an empty score is a triple of the number of observations and a/b are specified .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   centers
truth:  test   labels

test:  estimate beta function .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  use   increment
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse initial site configuration .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   handles
truth:  parse   site

test:  return common absolute path common extension common only .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  removes a wsgi intercept call for the given host and key/val .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   drops
truth:  remove   call

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  given a filename .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  tests   wanted
truth:  tests   filename

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  helper function to compute the variable length of the image .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length n from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  detect if the code is running in gce mode .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  detect   batch
truth:  detect   code

test:  compile the quotas file .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   unload
truth:  compile   client

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  validates that value is true .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   offset
truth:  validate   parameters

test:  returns a single string from a given pb2 .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  convert value to int or raise .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  set the subtitle i filter .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   intercepts
truth:  set   subtitle

test:  cache project .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  cache   determine
truth:  cache   projects

test:  check if a filename matches one or more patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  check   config
truth:  check   patterns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   deflate
truth:  connect   config

test:  decodes the encoded preferred encoding .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate a example certificates for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  start   lstrip
truth:  start   set

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test that installing a shell setting up to install an environment .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  handle a response with a regular output .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   draws
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  returns a base .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  prints sphinx version of the system .
truth: format sys . 
test:  format   inputhook
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a float .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  wrap raw image .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   trivial
truth:  wrap   connection

test:  compute the average of two arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   attributes
truth:  given   arrays

test:  get a package version number for a given version .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set a full path and forward to the container parent directory or from success .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  ensure option is present in the grains dictionary .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   currents
truth:  ensure   state

test:  attach a total attr' representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  validate that the amazon location is deleted .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  deletes   restoring
truth:  deletes   data

test:  publish an exploration .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   coordinates
truth:  pulls   exploration

test:  return the internal descendents of cyclic macros .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  compute the kinetic energy of the logistic energy .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  generate the module for a given python file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  context manager that copies the given app to a given application .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  section a section search for a section access .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  parameters obj - the object to be checked returns validator - returns true or false .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  filename   enhanced
truth:  filename   object

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   iterate
truth:  returns   auth

test:  this method calls the mounted web device and perform a new key:value on the data .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  returns a list of users .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  reads   executed
truth:  reads   dictionary

test:  reload a list of bins .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the blobstore api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  attempt to set aws access key from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  attempt   emit
truth:  attempt   access

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  top k minimum order of a continuous matrix returns x .
truth: given data x . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  get the current pid of a process .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   snaps
truth:  returns   pid

test:  returns the top data for use in a specific kwargs['opts'] environment .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  monkeypatch   extract
truth:  monkeypatch   version

test:  install the zipextimporter handler for event handlers .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  take   restart
truth:  take   account

test:  return the extension of the given filename: .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  figure   stores
truth:  figure   name

test:  initialize the module .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  wrap a call to the regextokenizer with a thread .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  adds   statsd
truth:  adds   timeout

test:  create a tuple from a json file .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  create a that displays a pending index .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  deprecated: do not implemented: node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a key to a string for the given primary key .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create templates for tests .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  runs   flask
truth:  runs   times

test:  compute the maximum of array in an array or 3 .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  check all taskdef values of course that are published on the course role for the course .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the inverse inverse transform of f(s) over the fundamental transform .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  compute   transform

test:  converts unicode to use unicode string .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  call   serialize
truth:  call   str

test:  set the css of a single css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  convert between analog analog temperature units .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  defines   exhaust
truth:  defines   conversion

test:  return true if the object is an object .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a matplotlib color .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  produces   representing
truth:  produces   specification

test:  create an image file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   shuffle
truth:  creates   temp

test:  get the grade ico .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   splitting
truth:  get   surface

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression arrow id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns true if we know for certain that we can introspect .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  if the current plugin has been registered with the given title .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   identifies
truth:  saves   plugin

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  trivial available modules .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   init
truth:  set   modules

test:  returns a mask to use with the same mask as the lang .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  compute   blend
truth:  compute   mask

test:  get the interquartile app colx .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  create a base-10 with the given name .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert text into an iterable of edns case .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   patched
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid number .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  return the local number of a running systems .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   noise
truth:  returns   macos

test:  decorator to mark a function or method on a test .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  register   rescales
truth:  register   event

test:  get all available widgets widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  prepare a wmt treebank treebank file .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  display an invitation error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  method to convert a binary file .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  put   pulls
truth:  put   null

test:  generate a simple graphs for each group in graph g .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return the number of initial decimal instance for a given number .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  split an expression into a list of strings .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   craft
truth:  split   expr

test:  create a custom field for use with qimage .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  hashes the wsgi environment map .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  dump   unquoting
truth:  dump   environment

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   logs
truth:  generate   vertices

test:  return the text number of days on the length of a certificate .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  build a dictionary .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  make a tarball .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  create str/repr fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   reproduces
truth:  create   loops

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the number of hqe .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  computes   preloading
truth:  computes   host

test:  build a query to build the query result from a list of possible .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   blocks
truth:  build   representation

test:  load the lower transform of a range .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   simplifying
truth:  set   range

test:  return a path .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  run the shell script .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  plot a each axes of the current axes .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  helper to skip test if svd is not a test .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   tear
truth:  calls   module

test:  returns a base64-encoded public key for a key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  builds   stubbed
truth:  builds   headers

test:  clears internal caches for cache .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   phred
truth:  clears   caches

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is no root where the highest name is no tests .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   summarize
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  generates a random cloud instance alphanumeric characters .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  checks that an exception is raised by callable_obj .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  fail   shed
truth:  fail   exception

test:  run numba errors and retry it if it is not escaped .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  restart   drops
truth:  restart   call

test:  find all tests under testdir and return them .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  takes a dotted path and returns the dotted class name for it .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  loads   safe_octal
truth:  loads   class

test:  gpu deconv to input using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  decorator for concrete volume groups .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  pulls   trending
truth:  pulls   driver

test:  returns the string .
truth: some functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  entry point .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  test either if an error is raised when creating a wrong type is raised .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  return a shortest node for the nodes of g .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  generate   preface
truth:  generate   degree

test:  load the parameter in meta .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   clearing
truth:  return   meta

test:  validates an tax number for a given number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   sparks
truth:  validate   number

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns data to match for application .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the python version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that the email change policy is not change instances .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  url   pulls
truth:  url   null

test:  check whether obj represents a value .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  check   remounts
truth:  check   obj

test:  render the init very timescaling: .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   raise
truth:  compute   term

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  determines if n is a independent of n .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  take a scalar python value and return a string representing the corresponding python values .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  splits title after title and returns a human-readable .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  change raw .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  creates a directory atomically .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization datasources .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  launch an editor -> qaction .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  returns a list with the names of an interface .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  check if the csv file is valid .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  ensure   stored
truth:  ensure   #

test:  check for scaleway configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extracts the id from an http requests token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  you logs the python there to show the logs .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  replace   backported
truth:  replace   handlers

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   expect
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the openweathermap sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   temperature
truth:  displays   date

test:  convert a key in the value to a list of strings .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   switch
truth:  validates   list

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads a object from the parser .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   define
truth:  load   path

test:  check for the given flags .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  obtain the lock from the first lock of the given ids .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   search
truth:  finds   d

test:  returns the latest version of the latest page of the latest page .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set the object value to be an object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  translate an application error to a python identity .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   capturing
truth:  translate   error

test:  dynamically load a class by the given module and return the parsed class .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  calls a function in a thread and write the result in a thread .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  export stats for use as a string to export server .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  stats   been
truth:  stats   format

test:  delete an image from gce .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  python 2 .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  function used for service password .
truth: get opt . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  delete one or more acl representations .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  convert a string of bytes to a valid number of bytes .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  translate   sparks
truth:  translate   number

test:  updates global state when a task is reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   currents
truth:  updates   state

test:  this provided blog posts for read-only values from the twitter response body .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  check for log translations .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   prioritized
truth:  -   messages

test:  used to reset tests to a single worker .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  construct a formatted mirror body from the volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  constructs   aligns
truth:  constructs   volume

test:  compare two arrays by array .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  reset scores for a user .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  set   mocks
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a game and itemstatus game to a list for display .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into command automatically .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   advised
truth:  wrap   commands

test:  build a range of kwargs offset .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   utf-8
truth:  builds   argument

test:  returns true if this xblock has required keys that require missing for the required keys .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   bdecodes
truth:  returns   xblock

test:  get a list of names from a file .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  opens   wanted
truth:  opens   filename

test:  update the dmg dmg .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   tabulate
truth:  update   makefile

test:  return a list of information about all the lsmod beets beets beets cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and backref .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  returns an identifiers that can be used with the given args .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  loop   disallow
truth:  loop   identifiers

test:  extracts messages from the given page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids vlanids .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  extracts the number of characters in every string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  kill a pid with pid single-commodity process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  kill   snaps
truth:  kill   pid

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a product set of all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  returns a dictionary that maps a mapping of file strings to a numpy array with the values in terms .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  processes   switch
truth:  processes   list

test:  checks if a jid is a jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a second options for a vcenter or none if it can be read from a vcenter .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  obtain   joins
truth:  obtain   cluster

test:  cleanup all steps for patched modules .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns true if this field has the same errors as the supplied field name .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  add func to a given default .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns true if the given skipped are a list of ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns link-local solicited-node multicast address associated with provided address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  sends a presigned request to a gcs .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  produce a random word of random characters .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  get the info about an object .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  slice   releases
truth:  slice   axis

test:  adds a key to a url to a url .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  move indices of generator to hyperbolic a batch of regex .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  takes a list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  recreate   switch
truth:  recreate   list

test:  runs the command in a subshell .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the domain .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  converts a list of classpath to an url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   dotted
truth:  indicate   relationship

test:  return a list of all python files found under the given directory .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sanity test for an email .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  rotate a linear llvm function to return an icosahedral instance .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   unload
truth:  execute   client

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  returns options used for the rawfile_json returner .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse the supplied container name to get the list of namespaces .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   labeled
truth:  split   file

test:  function to convert a numpy array of column into a treatments .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  get   mutate
truth:  get   column

test:  return filter x by distributions .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  computes the trimmed mean along a specified axis .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  besides besides assemble .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  display a new logged in the database .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convert an image to a gapic .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

