test:  reorder a list of al suite .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parses the probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  install   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart records .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach total_watchers voters to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   total_watchers
truth:  attach   votes

test:  add a theming to the theme system .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   locale

test:  lookup autoescape template name for a given template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a path or :-separated string of paths into a 2d path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  convert   path

test:  ensure that a file exists in the given url is found .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   a

test:  remove a policy from the specified vm cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get grid grid from loops .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  scale and convert a crafted file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   bottom

test:  a screenshot some of calculation calculation for a step .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  output   null
truth:  null   method

test:  run a program for a given action .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  run   apps
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be entrance as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  to   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  override this test with a test .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator for filters which should be used to mark a function as a magic default .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project and quota .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a date formatted as a string using a time format .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  returns   date
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be processed inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts a recipe id into a beaker path to a beaker path .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   task

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  returns a largest strategy of the nodes in the graph .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  change process uid and return them .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  process   process

test:  used to replace field with read-only and the second wsdl .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  list   add
truth:  set   a

test:  like quote() .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  maximum absolute path for points .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  null   covariance
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the given value contains a given value .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  ensure   p
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find the indices in the tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  indices   indices

test:  disables a session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  mark   prefix
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  fix various chars in a text file .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  fix   line

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  locate   check
truth:  check   check

test:  split a query string into a list of query string .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  common logic for docker .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  guarantee the unsafe file url .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts existing table-specific string response into an http response .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  null   request
truth:  request   request

test:  helper function to calculate the number of seconds to do not offset .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  split estimator on estimator and y .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a uniform partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  reverse the commutativity of a and ordering of an object .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   encode
truth:  given   null

test:  get the percentage of an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a multiplication of left .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  given a list of patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  command   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task to start past slot slot .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  if   check
truth:  start   start

test:  generate the brightness from the tuple .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the integration manager defined by the configuration repository .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to find a configuration value for a specific request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  default   value
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  define a new :class: .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  define   return
truth:  defines   null

test:  check if a given version is supported on the system .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list all servers servers to a backend haproxy backend .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   patches
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  recursively extracts files and data from the given directory .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  function   a
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file hash used to render the given file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  title-case matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  solves a system using the multiplication function .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a list of dicts .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  reissues the unusable password in the user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  use   json
truth:  null   login

test:  compute square-free norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  executes the input data x .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  temperature   returns
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for muting volume up .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  returns a list of the conjunction action that are not a function .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  test packagefinder prefers options from provider .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  runs   connection
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  return the norm of the elements of an array .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  return   region
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively rebuilds two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  finds   compute
truth:  given   null

test:  take a cache setting and returns the value passed to the destination setting .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  set   context
truth:  take   null

test:  convert an excel bytes to bytes .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  from a thread .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  changes   data
truth:  shuts   null

test:  returns a generic name for a single module .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   version

test:  return the class name .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  make a prio for sorting .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  takes   sort
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler scale deployments in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup data for database .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the action path .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace deinterlace' .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   new
truth:  enable   enable

test:  wrap a function so that it only returns data when an api is already logged via the .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  starting   null
truth:  null   api

test:  a signal handler function that ignores the decorated function as well as well .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  null   download
truth:  run   run

test:  set the new tagged environment .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  return the list of 'pythonpath' .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  returns true if slug is a float .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a key/value pair in couchdb .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  retrieves the bridge from the ethernet device .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  turn   a

test:  test whether an object is a valid attribute of the given object .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert a native set *obj* to a python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   bind
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  compute the dominating set in the graph .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  translate   in
truth:  finds   a

test:  remove all small objects .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  connected   remove

test:  returns the redirect url for the given section or redirect to the given section .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable a node on the rest server .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   factory
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  encode the master root directory and extract the devices .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  to   uses
truth:  null   null

test:  update an <value> urls for a window or knx .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   x

test:  create a sequence with a sequence of elements from a sequence .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  create   dask

test:  get pillar with a complex in the timeout of the timeout context .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  boolean   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  returns a list of the fragments where the fragments starts with a given symbol .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for the entire test filenames to create a mock script that runs the tests .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  create   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected assignment_no_params_with_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_tag_without_context_parameter
truth:  expected   null

test:  returns a unique form class for a given sqlalchemy model class .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  find   get
truth:  form   form

test:  convert the file path to the folder by the folder folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  file   unpack
truth:  if   null

test:  clear all item view .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if port is a valid port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the graph that results from contracting the graph .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a list of record objects .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  null   function
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  helper function to provide easy transfer transfer for actions .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  replace   a

test:  returns the path of the page paths to handles complete locally .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  simple callback to return the account account for a service .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  authenticate   a
truth:  set   up

test:  helper function to add a call to a function .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  logs   wrapper
truth:  null   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  send   return
truth:  look   up

test:  shortcut to load qualifier method .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  get   module
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a legend off a legend .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   show
truth:  function   function

test:  the context manager to initiate gevent .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of opportunitys .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  list of objects a user is subscribed to .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  print   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load an object from file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  builds   read
truth:  load   a

test:  update an imagemember or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  remove a value from emerge_default_opts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  lowercase   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  strip   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  display a tar values for the tar index .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  display   display

test:  set the current line number of the cache to the connection .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   execution
truth:  update   update

test:  variation of the inlier/outlier part of a list of data .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  converts an error message to a raised error .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  throw   error
truth:  checks   a

test:  flag an absolute path to a file this is a no-op .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the default list of together as a dictionary .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a group title .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generates a cached cached value for the given path .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  return   return
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  node dependencies of all the dependencies of a the fatemans function .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  null   context
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check if the exps is a exps private collection .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  boolean   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed quotes is clever within single quotes and the proposed quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  returns a task object .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  approximate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a timestamp to a unix timestamp .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the subcommand ports from graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  merge lazy version of a nice string .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  pack a single channel .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  object   object

test:  fixture that returns a list of available config modules with the same name and the test based on the provided config .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  override   override

test:  construct a wsgi application .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  test uninstall package installed from svn .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstall   dot
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple patterns for training .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  return   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  delete packages which were automatically installed in the modules cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  post   return
truth:  displays   null

test:  helper function for tricomi initial 2d sum of strings .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync queue modules from salt://_states to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pillar
truth:  sync   sync

test:  function to wrap the same as supported by the pygments .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  imports   task
truth:  null   null

test:  deserialize the given user .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  null   request
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns the name of objects for an object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  link   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a boolean value for the given type with the right type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   parameters

test:  drops a new database with the given name .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  helper to discover session and checks for fields .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  refresh   check
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert ix to strings .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the currently active language bidi .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  override   override

test:  open and return the network device .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  compile   list
truth:  iterate   null

test:  wraps a function .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   functools

test:  get the network device object or list of hosts cli example: .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  return   view
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live live screenshot to define a build for the job .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the elements that are referenced in text .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle stringio .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  reduce   null

test:  returns the value of the given value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  searches for python list in a template .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  remove 16-byte .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  retrieve   decimal
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  converts a ca string into a ca ca list .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper function to check if the given line has a "pageant" operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  serializes a value to json and encodes it using the given json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  encoding   like
truth:  serializes   a

test:  given a show name .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  function for either wait or the system if any errors are up to true .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  construct a list of xmodule urls for the given pipeline .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends an email to your system .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  send   send
truth:  email   email

test:  returns all servers templates with the given host name .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build an implementation that runs the test cases for verifying a testcase .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in p2g format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   encoding
truth:  read   graph

test:  convert a variable to a float .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  null   a
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager to check if given output was available .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  print   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  add a network to a given network acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  return   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  output   fr
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return the binary value for the given kind .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a translated revision in a given document .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  migrate admission to the facts dict updated with the supplied facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  migrate   migrate
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test that you cant use 1 .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  test   null
truth:  log   log

test:  converts the given timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   shorthand
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  that resides ahead .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a ring field with the given method in g .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  convert non-central moments to cumulants function .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  splits   lines
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  test if the first argument in the content user has the same content .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test that a https status has a changed status .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  null   collector
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  handle a calendar updates for the calendar of a replying .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  update   update
truth:  persists   new

test:  return false if key is a template key .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  find   download
truth:  determine   a

test:  remove the given file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return information on open ports and states cli example: .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  return   information
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of not_before documents with the given vector .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  insert a new query into the database .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a list of tags into a comma-separated string .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  yield   approximation
truth:  converts   a

test:  remove files from one location .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  delete   a

test:  converts sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  get   sys

test:  compute binary array for binary data .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a file-like object from a specified filename .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  make   a
truth:  load   data

test:  return a list of functions and update functions in a template .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  set   null
truth:  get   get

test:  callback to write a new option to a list of option values .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  converts a string to a continuous string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  to   in
truth:  print   print

test:  main entry point for xrds routes .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  tries to get a native device name from the passed device .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   name
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the average at time at x in a passed sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of the given string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  displays a list of rotation rotation .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  renders   configures
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a finite random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   get
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   encodes
truth:  null   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  null   redis
truth:  list   site

test:  additional additional editor editor for zen editor editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  render   search
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns the object that looks like a tnetstring .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  return   pprint
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review user is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   server
truth:  send   send

test:  converts the function func spec .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  given   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: status add . 
test:  control   add
truth:  add   add

test:  encode a single bytestring .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  zoom in a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   images
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom lock .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   new
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  validate answers since a graph .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get unit changes to a particular unit .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse a binary number into an integer corresponding to a stream .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test that the censure keypoints is preserved correctly .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  null   censure

test:  set label for a dataset .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compact the most gemm gemm or a blank field .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  return   a

test:  load the scores in a directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  loads   format
truth:  return   a

test:  provide changed resources that share changed before running resources .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  select   messages
truth:  null   reload

test:  return the first element of a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  just test the -a method .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   error
truth:  test   test

test:  extracts all python filepaths from package and return the empty list .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct location from the master provider .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  load a byte array from a buffer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   sequence
truth:  load   load

test:  compute node statistics statistics for nodes in a performance .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  computes   get
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination and destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  move   a
truth:  moves   null

test:  detects all file in a movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  run   a

test:  helper to grab the given function for a given .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  executes   a

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  stretch   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  unsubscribe watching a question for a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  set the http database for the current http database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  null   configure
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a given user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all secrets on the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  decodes   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various values of all the sites for the currently set .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  return   dummy
truth:  is   null

test:  does the commit itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   configures
truth:  changes   changes

test:  call the function with a given kwargs .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  return false if any of the elements in seqids are found .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  get   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the permissions on the given node loads the given instance .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks if the admin user is admin .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  endpoint   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse time string from iso 8601 format .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate all shortest path in a sequence of start^ .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can undefined passed to steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  calls   scenario
truth:  null   scenario

test:  create a customized customized options .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  turn a version string into a tuple that can be used to indices .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  like   a
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert an integer to an integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  gaussian approximation to the gradient of *x* .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  header   null
truth:  null   null

test:  view all the students identified by the given user .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  point   render
truth:  receives   null

test:  converts host given host string to hex format .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the full output code which will be used to start= .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  split   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a function that has a registered user .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  if   info
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  find   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  display the virtual environment for a given binary .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  create a new command with a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  contexts up the module replacement by removing all configuration files exist .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  configures   create
truth:  remove   remove

test:  drop the issue to the average xxxxxxxxxx .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a intelligently protobuf to the path .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  clears config files from the config directory .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  update   head

test:  return sass <url that need to be found in reports .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   albuminfo
truth:  list   list

test:  generic pci function for the result in a fits file .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  applies   processing
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the route path from doctype .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a string with the given key or the given secret .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  retrieve   json
truth:  computes   a

test:  given an otu map file and a sparse map file .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  list   list

test:  this page processes was edit from the os installation .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  start   list
truth:  is   null

test:  return a list of thumbnails in the given file .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  import a dotted path path from a dotted path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a crc32 checksum of a file .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   version

test:  install a capability capability args: capability : the capability to install image .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  port   add
truth:  install   a

test:  flip the image vertically .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  retrieves all base lun name for a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  find   return
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all the python related files to a function .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  install a function as a reactor reactor reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  install   chocolatey
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  this method will return a list of the item that can access to the course with which a trailing quotes in the course .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  used   current
truth:  obtains   null

test:  determine if the line looks like casava .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return the disk usage of a disk image .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return the containers that owns a particular environment .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   parameter_type_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a numpy/scipy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build clonespec config spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  builds   replaces
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scale the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  provide provide information about the corresponding rendered patch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   dict
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   text
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  for the existence of the allow/deny problem .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  give   picks
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns the number of keys in a module .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  list   up
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture providing an interloper .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  find an object in the match with the given selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  find   a
truth:  query   a

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  specifying cleaning of a node with a new shape .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   kinds

test:  we will download the layer as a plotly response .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  file   endpoint
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the actual file for a given port .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign a single aug object to a compiled file .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  null   dimensions
truth:  create   lhs

test:  helper function to insert the state of the dataset .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the list of features of a feature .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  export   null
truth:  get   get

test:  commodity channel index .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  flow   flow

test:  create a list of contents of a skeleton file .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  -   check
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to patch the context for use in a cookiecutter .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  null   a

test:  compatibility wrapper around args .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  value   null
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a dataset and retrieve it .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  split   up

test:  get all networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the path is an html link .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a list of lists into one level of the lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  list   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  set up the pylitejet .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  set the name of the module .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  return   load
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test psdestimator from psdestimator .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday -- pig wordoftheday -- comic api on pig .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  imdb   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the tiecorrect size of a test based on the array defined by arr .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  tie   correction

test:  returns a status of a given process id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  main starting point of the player identified by the client .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  do   null
truth:  input   input

test:  returns: the canonicalized absolute pathname .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function to add an identity setting to a workflow and return the value .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute the resource index of the graph g .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  repeat a timer to be a transaction .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  indicate   function
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a shell-like pattern to a compiled pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test a generalized postorder counts .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  traverse   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from key .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  check whether the given object is a dict .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the class with the specified c{nodeid} as parameter .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  obtain   a

test:  retrieve system state of a box .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  performs   current
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function to dictionary and kwargs .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  given an integer .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  given a query .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a wrapper for circular g .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  null   null
truth:  displays   a

test:  check to see if a group auth is a group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  if   group
truth:  has   null

test:  ensure whether the snmp auth is enabled .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  sphinx table configuration file for an ancestor table .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  function for parsing workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  given a soap class .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  construct the kernel image from the proxied instance .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the settings for the current thread .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  function using the transforms .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   custom

test:  prepare a fancyarrow instance .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  create   check
truth:  function   function

test:  will return the list of configured subscriptions on the node .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  list   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  spawn one or more model .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns index .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  change the users home phone .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  password   a
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that all indices have unique indices .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  check   check

test:  kill all jobs on the installed service .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  a view that has been body .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  view   view

test:  a no-op method to wait until a items method is called before long .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  download   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  returns continuation array of a single line .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  returns   source
truth:  null   null

test:  returns whether the cpu is currently being used in a particular environment .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  calculate the sampled loss for training .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  returns   objective
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only work on systemd systems .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  tests whether an instance is part of a module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  perform a query and returns a filepath .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  parse   one
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes timings from memcache and entities .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   detach
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  takes xml element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  ensure that the named ip is absent .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  query   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given browsing .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  helper function to check if given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  to   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms the exception level .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  move   transforms
truth:  transforms   a

test:  deprecated decorator for adding potentially to the arguments of the context .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  boolean   course
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  view function for removing support .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  render   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the http http password used to zenoss to zenoss .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates a hash in a hash file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  wait   function
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  tokenize the input input from input stream and derivatives .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generates a collection type for a given dataset .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  get a height width that can reference x .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute ranking-based loss from prediction scores .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   paths

test:  validate and decode the right values of a given config string .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function decorator for methods that are not implemented in python 2 .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a pandas pandas from a specific db .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  create an impulse token by name and then save it to the app engine .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  null   in
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return a list of names in the current environment mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse a media-range .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a text block instance for a given name .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  text   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual role .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the description of a path of a path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  iterate over a key .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  -   use
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format the given pattern in a buffer emitted by kwargs string .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  calculate   create
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  set or add the floating axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  draw   example
truth:  null   a

test:  load a module .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  load   function
truth:  open   playlists

test:  return the resource resource name .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   query
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if filename is a syncfile .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   framework

test:  modify the lua instance for a given package .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  to   null
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns the amount of seconds that are allocated by a configuration .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an s3 deleter results .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  close   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of targets in the target .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a action function in a single thread cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  show   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  get the list of projects that have been modified .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  get   module
truth:  return   a

test:  return all cpu cpu tot .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  return   try
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a 64-bit mac address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   links
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that currently logged-in user has staff-level permissions for the specified permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  read   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the license license license .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  to   format
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote a string so that it can be passed to the argument .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  if   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete an application from the user .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks the response headers against the given error .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  resolves   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  checks if this data table will be documents .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test for bugs for the two ways of the attribute .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload the library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   style

test:  helper to build external id for use in the product .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the environment for the current thread .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for var .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  testing   control
truth:  test   job

test:  redirect to the given form in the custom view .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  render   view
truth:  if   null

test:  differentiate the sympy product of a tensor product of matrices .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  null   element
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a csv on a filesystem cli example: .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  mock function to mock calls .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  error   function
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  helper method to find a list of file paths that will have the same paths .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return true if the given release is a release release release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  cached utility for calculating the galaxy test .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  approximate   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create the default folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the likelihood likelihood for this controller .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  null   error
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  returns the resource type for a resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check that source is inside inside the source space .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  given a list of slices .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  remove a resource file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  specified   replace
truth:  create   create

test:  check that result of accept data and all the parameters are present .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  fake   test
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  divide the leading norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   maximum
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  iterate over a corpus path in the tree starting at the given path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create or create or remove or database .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification on an event .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  register   register

test:  return a list of users that are configured to cli example: .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create and return links in the root node .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a composites line of the site output .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a convenience wrapper to wait for ssh cli example: .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper to convert a numeric part of a numeric part of a string to a numeric string .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serialize all exception and offsets .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  have   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  return true if linux exists .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  to   check
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a value using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  calculate average mean for a node .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   ldap
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to query the consisting of this field .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  configure the reactor for a given thread .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   start

test:  strips all dependencies from an node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  context   context

test:  return value of an object .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read a pickle file .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  read   try
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup logging for the file .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  iterator   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  removes whitespace from a text and a single space .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  fill   line
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns the wavefunction x_{n} for the integers of weights .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  throw   returns
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return the installed services cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  list   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a new opening or update existing update type and update existing update with the given update dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single receivable view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a qrectf name to a pathname name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  translate   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  vector of the first kind of n .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  determines if a dictionary can be a quicksort tool .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  if the pdb .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  copies   shorthand
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  create a string with the given context .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether the given index is a product .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  set the global environment cli example: .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  look   null
truth:  show   show

test:  check to see if the device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  submit barcodes for the user to the barcodes or group .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  make   view
truth:  submits   a

test:  converts blobs from csf into a list with blobs .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  processes   lists
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value corresponding to a given instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a configuration tag for the given tag .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  retrieves   tables
truth:  tag   tag

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  binding   link
truth:  creates   classes

test:  decorator to determine the current instance and returns a decorator .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   a

test:  computes polynomial gcd of a ring in k[x] .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  null   try
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume cgi json from the npm registry via env .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts an operator to a 2d matrix .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  saves the telemetry submission .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given matcher target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   get
truth:  find   find

test:  solves a system of two bivariate variables .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  construct   helper
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks the given type as being used to generate a newly type .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to generate a dictionary of radiants specific type string .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  list   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  loads out the remote token to appropriate remote token .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the angle in a matrix .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to easily create a function that accepts the given function as well as a serialized received .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a file in a python file and return the descriptor .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a standard simplest stream based on the provided stream .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip and return a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  list   run
truth:  strip   a

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  serializing   a
truth:  test   a

test:  given an path to a certificate in the database .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  copies   details
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns true if the running systems console is in a ctypes console console .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to run all the plugins in the given plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the path as an absolute path .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  does   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns true if this category is available for the specified xblock .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a unique alton hash according to the caller .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   everything
truth:  generates   commands

test:  returns an ordereddict with the given context .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  sort   build
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  display the text of the text to the hierarchy of the text .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  renders   function
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  read raw fif data .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  read   algorithm
truth:  function   function

test:  add a observer name to the non-interactive non-interactive section of a given section .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns a dictionary of all the flags found in the shown .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default currency .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  close the current session .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  close   close
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  closely closely of the currently set to the next iteration of the user .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   connect

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the path to the object .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  enable   t
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns a single string with multiple represented groups groups .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  list   function
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator only run a test if running .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test docinfo of docinfo .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  have   session
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  looks up recursively for the root directory .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  replace   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  used as a package which assert that port is set to identify if they are able to run .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  queues a system email for a user .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   null
truth:  queues   a

test:  load a index definition .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the recalculate_subsection_grade parameters gets incremented when _gp_new_generation is called .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  open a start at least one of the app engine apis .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filename of the cache location .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the absolute path of a monomial .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   set
truth:  multiply   a

test:  create upload url for uploaded uploaded .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a directory atomically .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update modified timestamp when the modified function exits .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  modified   whitespace
truth:  update   update

test:  recursively copy the given descriptor to the given descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  copy   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  update a task status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  match   inverse
truth:  see   null

test:  calculate the hermite function for a given distribution function .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  null   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if n == lucas .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   lucas

test:  detect whether the desktop gtk should be used .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a url string based on the port and port .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the mckean-schrader score for a given sequence of items .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  search   binary
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  search the current match for a given file .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  find   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a list of content objects that can use to perform a given scheme .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  url   url

test:  parse command line and return a list of commands .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  null   link
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user can access the page .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  sets the ansi setting for the given queries .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  null   permissions
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator that checks if the current user has a sha .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a leading features to an features .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  test that smtp/impa and on-disk are marked as the on-disk directory .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a path to the current device .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  form   default
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  create a paste pipeline based on the auth_strategy config option .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test timeit special special special special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a gpio to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  call callable into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fix the unicode code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  fix   request
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect all .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   null
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  load a len() file from a 'visual' 'visual' .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  if   load
truth:  get   path

test:  return true if the given contents is a valid ipv4-address .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment overlaps within the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generates an ssh key for the current session .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  dispatch   a
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  sessions the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list contents of a given namespace type .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  list   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a users relationship between two currencies .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse mac address .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a raw contents from a filename .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  decorate a function that ensures that we can use to preserve setter .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  helper function for the const_ref and/or stems + .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert an integer to an integer .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  explicitly fix a given name .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  find   fix
truth:  null   locale

test:  returns a list of the ostypes modules .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  checks that the object is a valid ip .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the additional length of the loop .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  performs a reset power on the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   one

test:  guess the first result of a function .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  create   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  simple string to check if a string is valid .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  is   summary
truth:  if   null

test:  parses an entry in the log file into a single entry .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calls false for false .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  return an integer with the length argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  download   try
truth:  attach   response

test:  test reader .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  reading   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return albuminfo information about a given path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  time the yhfreq time a sound .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   in
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  read in the cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersections from the index .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   sparse
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an interable structure for the given site .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  calls   link
truth:  null   category

test:  merge a dict and converts the values into a dict .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  removes a task from the task at the given project .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  labels   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  clear all available regions for the amazon thread .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  rotate   null
truth:  tear   null

test:  returns all elements of the given node with the dom function .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parameters data : list of user to check for .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the cliques cliques of the graph g .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute the binary entropy of a binary operator .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  returns   crossentropy
truth:  computes   binary

test:  multiply the values of conform in the of multipolar .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  function   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read a python file and return it .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  find   a
truth:  code   code

test:  context manager that asserts that an crypto exception in a context .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a worksheet cell cell reference to a string containing dot references .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  translates   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the given command to the git repo .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  dipole potential to the goodness of the data point .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  calculate   solve
truth:  null   null

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  docstring   app
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a matching field with the given name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns a tuple that contains the unity data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a string representing the provided number of intl and number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  construct   branch
truth:  format   a

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert pil .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the specified config .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the desired staff field exists .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  see   migrate
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the value of the graph in the current environment cli example: .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  two slices .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  header   link
truth:  apply   a

test:  show the received summary of a groups with the given extracted .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  the markov function for the endpoints of the given series .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  sum   sum

test:  test whether the python shell is an ipython shell shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  task time slot stop page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  time   generation
truth:  stop   stop

test:  figure out the user .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  expand   handler
truth:  figure   figure

test:  add an image to the hsv filter on the given color .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  insert   color
truth:  color   color

test:  encrypt the given http request object with the given http key .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the service account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   service

test:  returns true if the user can view the given model .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of strings which a single year can run .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test when a package is provided and deleted .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   workaround
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  display a schema for the api .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  null   api

test:  parse a list of tokens as a function argument into a single token .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  numpy implementation of the softmax function .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  returns a union of two lists .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  does   null

test:  given two dictionaries .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  for the two example .
truth: two branches . 
test:  null   network
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse a configuration file .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a function that picks the given object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   method

test:  calculate the flattened frequencies of an array .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   x

test:  local subtract mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  enhance   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parses a count .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   number
truth:  parses   a

test:  leap year of a year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   a

test:  load manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  load   load
truth:  update   update

test:  a template tag that returns the inlines .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all the the modules in this environment cli example: .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change the default uid of the current process .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  change   null
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 or integer .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  get connection info and report info about to database .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  display   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a datetime needs to be run in a specific renewal .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  gets the set of mnist dataset .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the clique clique bipartite graph .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise :exc:assertionerror if the given exception is raised .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  call   function
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the nth n-th coefficient of the nth prime .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a string .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  download   force
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test drawing circles without transform using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   reactive
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   show
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return content in a file named filename .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a dotted fields .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  applies   normalize
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  nested   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  set interactive service .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  disallow   things
truth:  turn   null

test:  parse an ipv4 address string to an integer .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  format   convert
truth:  convert   mac

test:  check to see that the python cell cell is a bool .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to convert a subject subject to a subjects parameters subject : array-like subject object .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  input   scaling
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  create a :class:tvdbclient from an mine chain .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   mine

test:  returns the ground bearing from two numbers .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deletes content and deleting one that may exist .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calculates the knn forms of xs with the given parameters .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculates   boolean
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external dependencies:: virtual package resolution requires aptitude .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  reboot a domain .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parses the application from the current request .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  time   code
truth:  parse   parse

test:  maxheap version of bokeh python directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  convert a string to a list of bytes .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  return   list
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask a user to select a list of answer .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  ask   input
truth:  based   null

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a low-level random projection with an appropriate number of positive values .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  return   call
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the http thread for http request .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return information on a specific selinux selinux cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  list   check
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  takes a string and returns a pem object .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return the current metric name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  get   metrics
truth:  change   change

test:  execute the command and return output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  list   running
truth:  run   +

test:  helper to annotate mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a string with a different content type .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a urls to a protocol url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   data
truth:  given   null

test:  helper function to write a log file for the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  write   log
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  list   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  print product message to given item .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  returns time in seconds .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  skip test if a path isnt there .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  skip   check
truth:  if   check

test:  tristar pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  and states are compose wrapper .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  compute the singleton pair for a pair of key=value .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  exit   user
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given a string mapping values for the codons list .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes multinomial loss and loss .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  calculate   reduction
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  add   api
truth:  null   api

test:  returns root element of a doctype with a given doctype .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  tries to know an element with given shown id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a line of a alias file .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending a message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  decrypt   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load if statistics are installed on the system .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  return   statistics

test:  creates a list of formatters for all openers events .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   a

test:  create a pipeline from multiple many pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  inserts   sets
truth:  if   null

test:  find the tag that exists in the node .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  youre youre on the line source code .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  shorten   replace
truth:  separate   line

test:  helper method that returns a location .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  print   null
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  import a class by name .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the pub key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the result of the block .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  dont display nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  null   default
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ticket configuration from the specified parameters .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  given a hex-encoded field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  process   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  take a llvm parameter param and tries to a param .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  set   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  parse the notes and return a dict with the notes output .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level types defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager which captures the given thread with statement .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  code   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a worksheet to a normal part .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  return   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  manages   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read input input input as a stream .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  a feature with a background header in the header list .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   null
truth:  running   background

test:  view tool groups of a tool request .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  returns   filters
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if and only if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the manifest for the named version .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  take   null

test:  group the result of a message by calling its message .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  suggest   generator
truth:  stream   stream

test:  removes all courses courses in the course which are not already exist and will have not been marked as a course_key .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  process   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the url to the external urlresolvers url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  bounce   a

test:  renders the media prefix for the given object and populates the template prefix {% if %} .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   color
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  create a fake virtual environment_ .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  starting   cache
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns the docker client certificates for a given cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  open   a

test:  parses the hostname from the provided host .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  generates a reason for a email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  loads a certificate and handle the section of the certificate .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  open   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a post .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  collect   method
truth:  to   method

test:  function to ensure that the given request are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  if   null

test:  popup text to the curses title .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  if   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  generate all file names in a set of paths .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the host name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   way

test:  returns the score from the submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a server test on a server .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  decorator to skip test if condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove the original and remove the original to the left corner .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test updating a previously inserted entry in cache .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  convert to a file with the given name path .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  write   null

test:  register a migratin with the runner level .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  register   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  computes a root of dimensions between two variables: batched_dot[i] .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  find common common paths in a list of paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  virtual machine to put a virtual machine template from opennebula .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  get direction segments from loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  has   nth
truth:  get   segments

test:  encodes the given input string to a valid figure .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get instances of all spot instance of a spot instance .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  build :class:uploadtos3 home assistant server .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  build   a
truth:  list   muting

test:  get the value of the graph that has been idle .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple of function funcs names .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a callback name to a function and return its positional arguments .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  process   matches
truth:  were   null

test:  return the html page index .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule | atom .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  returns an iterator over the cuthill ordering .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a list of the vms that have been installed by the provider command .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  single repo .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  moves   uses
truth:  clones   a

test:  uses the csr command line to connect to the csr .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  to   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the softmax expansion of the function .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  split   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts a unicode string to a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  return   dumps
truth:  to   try

test:  once version of git .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  turn   domain
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  upgrade upgrade a device which defines the device and returns a dictionary of those devices .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  function   ip
truth:  to   connect

test:  check if the spelling is sane and can be ignored .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  ssl   lists
truth:  check   spelling

test:  calculate the gaussian kl divergence of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   value
truth:  computes   null

test:  sends a browser auth for a course .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  null   null
truth:  logout   logout

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  convert a transformation matrix to a deprecated .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error handling .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return the spider specified in the user .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  helper function to find out if the given node is true .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  test git with two "names" pointing to the same commit .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   create
truth:  backend   backend

test:  attempt to authenticate to a user and have an http client .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the graph g in the graph g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   minimum

test:  turn an subsets string in the form into one of the possible lines .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the imgs of the column .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  null   find
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  unquote a string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   info
truth:  return   a

test:  build a dictionary to build a string for a configuration .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   encoder
truth:  return   return

test:  inheriting function that can not notation with val and a integer interior .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  selects   encodes
truth:  null   null

test:  test the two-dimensional and report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  returns the current memory at the beginning of the script .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  module   media
truth:  retain   a

test:  transform a textual page into a list of preferred_language_codes .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  if   try
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  modify   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  ensure user created user is created .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  create   create
truth:  adds   null

test:  verifies fasta labels for equivalency selection and representative locations .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  fasta   program
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return true if the accept header is an os header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves a setting to a file .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  create   list
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a :class:~matplotlib to a 3d line .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert an excel row of a feature to a tuple .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  null   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  recursively split a tree .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double cdouble to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  extends   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  adds a route table to a route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  adds   replaces
truth:  replaces   a

test:  remove an environment from env if the environment is none .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  check   use
truth:  get   a

test:  list the rabbitmq virtual environment_ :return: true if windows is not windows .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   a

test:  information about an error .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  sets   status

test:  api to update requirements with a node .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  update   manager
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new and update + save + metric .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  calculate   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test the question .
truth: test question . 
test:  question   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or from error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set up the username for the config file .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  serve   configures
truth:  executes   null

test:  looks for a package in the authorization docs .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  test to ensure hugs values type correctly handles a range .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  loads a batch from a batch of data into a batch .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   utility

test:  parses a string .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check database tables for all database .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  make   null

test:  download the latest artifacts from the account system .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to indicate that a method is a new-style task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   a
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements and tall .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   strip
truth:  join   join

test:  returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 time .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates and returns a message instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wsgi entry point .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   pick
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check that compute the ipv6 address is available with the given vm or false if the host is available .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  if   check
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initializes a new api resource with the given context .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dictionary for the given tree with a given trees .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  find   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print higher renewablecert to lower item .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   function
truth:  print   print

test:  delete a user who the default values for a given user .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  update   up
truth:  updates   updates

test:  options nit : int .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  null   init
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all duplicates from the database .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the inverse lookup voor boolean values for a boolean of a shortest boolean other .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  test   test

test:  dump an aa number of the specified sessionid method .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  function   statement
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a value of all enabled features are enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  transform a vector into a 2-d array of items .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add symmetrix path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   y
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot the system at the system path to the system .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   return
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  the restful handler for tsuccessful signal .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  check   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  modify a databases from the mysql server cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return the path where python build isnt at the given python path .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the queryset of the given request .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test if the given node is a transient extension .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   collar

test:  adjust the cyclic free function .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  null   create
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compute partial complex correlation measure for one sample correlation 2d array catalog .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  correlation   a
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  output the json object describing a named vm cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  output   information
truth:  lookup   info

test:  retrieves the given pathspec on the host .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a review request object .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a out of the mf results to a list of export devices .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  expands   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function finds the closest matches the closest matches the last updated matches the closest matches to the closest log in a numpys .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  function   function
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  authentication handler for use in tests .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  delete   group
truth:  context   context

test:  checks to see if a folder exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every arg which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   purpose
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  run custom patch .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  run   a

test:  test that all the positive mail is present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  label   user
truth:  test   test

test:  pull internet account from remote account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  check   hosts
truth:  be   null

test:  figure out an oid frame .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  scan   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get descendant random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the release date for the specified xblock .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  return   string
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure that the named password is present on the system .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  given a path from a 2d array .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  find   calculate
truth:  sample   num

test:  deletes one or more model record .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  used to calculate see f: time the manually functions stored in a sequence of the input variables .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  model   model

test:  test for bug arguments .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  run   a

test:  close the current users facilitys error .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  close   a
truth:  clears   null

test:  ensure that its possible to easily redirect to the redirect system .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  reshape all elements of a sequence into one with respect to the given sequence .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  returns   core
truth:  return   return

test:  return the repository hash for a given package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  changes   interface
truth:  short   get

test:  create x .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of team fields defined in the given user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  do   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  generates the multivariate normal distribution function for a multivariate model defined in order to compute the multivariate gaussian distribution function .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  remove certificate certificates in a course .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  list   standard
truth:  list   list

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  create a large define string .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a valid string or path .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  returns a cursor from a cursor as a dict .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  get a blob from a path based on a blob .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  given an expression .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set topics for the sqlalchemy topic cohorts to the corresponding set .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  riak riak .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   riak
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  extracts messages from an object and return them as a list .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load csv file .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   csv

test:  returns the default version of a string .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   binary
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  check   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that a non-existing checks results with a given grouping .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  test   group
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test names]with with the same arguments as the right signal .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  reading   null
truth:  test   test

test:  serializes an object by spaces and then serialize it .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  object   object
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  rotate   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  convert a set of voxel to a set of sequences .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  load a hold .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  give   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of tokens .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  atom   atom

test:  make sure the directories exist .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new css gradient with the given css gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   format
truth:  create   a

test:  get geometry by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return current form for a form .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  if   current

test:  a loop loop that can occur from the stdin .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  returns   command
truth:  null   null

test:  return a selected discrete discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  gets the info for a user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  get   get

test:  bitsource number of 2d window .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  request   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  test a simple bar chart .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  tests   add
truth:  null   bar

test:  converts a string into a unicode object .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   a
truth:  forces   a

test:  returns a list of characters from a single string .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the md5 hash of the string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  generate   encoding
truth:  using   encoder

test:  helper function to catch exceptions that handles exceptions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  clusters   execution
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can access the page or the user .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  is   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a list of the names of all available cloud provider .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  ireport restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the storage for caching block structures .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  move position tilt to specific position tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  assign   move
truth:  to   move

test:  monomial a subheader entry point value .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  builds   decimal
truth:  return   bottom

test:  opens a email header .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  list   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: android .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  download   statistics
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively reorder entries from commit and replaces every commit entries .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a template with a given template name .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  test if a service is already installed .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if f is a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   return
truth:  subtract   null

test:  generate a random query of idmapper arguments .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  apply   run
truth:  select   null

test:  load the original module .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  input   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the spectral ordering of the graph g .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  update a vote lookups for the given user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking if the user has access to the given course .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an interactive python application in the context of a given flask application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns true if address is a netmask .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads a bokeh file .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  to   get
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the path to the template directory .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given the angle in a log reference .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check if library is installed .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  associations the standard deviation of the mean of the input individual and standard deviation .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  cli example: .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  log   command
truth:  null   script

test:  this function determines if a string is a valid python bytestring .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  if   windows
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute on the given completion .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 100 to 100 special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  iterate over a np .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  memoized   object
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  align the log delta for the given w_1 .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  align   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test if given expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  user list .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  accept   list
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a raw time to a normal course name .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  label   label

test:  write a single bit .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the values number in the specified number .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  if   null

test:  create a copy of html documentation .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  search   reverse
truth:  merge   directory

test:  help help page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the url for the given handler .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the hermite interpolation for x .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  compute   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  replacement for the response .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  add   add

test:  queries the stl activity activity activity table .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  computes subresultant resultant of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  algorithm   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  a convenience function that uses the response to support playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  format   playlist

test:  check if this test meets a certificate has all the extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  checks   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorates a function and return a job .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield unique elements in order .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  null   use
truth:  return   return

test:  hash a password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  password   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  take a function with a singleton singleton .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  null   decorator

test:  raise an error if the error was found .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  performs the childrens shift encryption on the logger .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  add cluster to the cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   statistics
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   clone
truth:  set   status

test:  get current network interface from context .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   network

test:  works given python source stream .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  scan   sentry
truth:  imports   data

test:  autogen a function docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  calculate the quadratic sums measure for a image parameters xfms : array-like input data to compute the matrix in the expression that is the multivariate coefficients .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  insert   identity

test:  return list of files that have been loaded .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  create   null
truth:  loads   everything

test:  returns an handler for the given provider .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  check   install
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to retrieve a context from the specified context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise a tensor with a given shape .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   work
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir or system path .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  view   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  enum_seq : list sep .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes a function that returns the provided tree list .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a list of lists to use for a network type .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  get   tag
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert s to float or float .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  s   s
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a spelling in segments format .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test deprecated class with a class .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds a charset with the given charset and returns a formatted string .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   character

test:  define when the editor at the given caller .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   cache
truth:  called   null

test:  class decorator to transition instances of self .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list with all available hello settings .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   page
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries into __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  display a client for a user .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  shows   details
truth:  null   hint

test:  get the dictionary from the user supplied package .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  callback   tox
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a string with syntax angle in the current session .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  get   compare
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of tuples or handle the network field .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  time   add
truth:  compute   h

test:  returns strftime .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  returns   pool
truth:  return   current

test:  test mapnode functions .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns default catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the logistic derivative to the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  redirect to the service instance .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  create   execution
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the :class:multidigraph dataset .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  returns true if the python implementation of the given path .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  turn   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  test that passing table as column names from cube table columns .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  dump running hosts to a colas layer .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  compute   networks
truth:  dump   connections

test:  returns a {status job with the given permission and optional permission .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  return   pcoa
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a new list of nodes with unique values .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get if the line is in the x .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  extract information from albums using albums .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  groupmeans using dummy variables parameters x : ndarray .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  return   like
truth:  null   reduction

test:  task to send to router inbound and non-zero due to router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  hook   check
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the dictionary with all values of longest dictionaries .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the storage device name .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a copy of the supplied session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor polynomials over algebraic number fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  divide   release
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  host   details
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  switch the user to change their edx edx the user .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  verifies   switch
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pad   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  a decorator that returns the timeit function that returns the time .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  adapted   function
truth:  null   timeit

test:  multiply two univariate arrays .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  change   change

test:  get the interface to use for this minion .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get a profile list for a user or view .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  list   context
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the current buffer name is marked as defined in rfc 2822 .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  given input places .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  batch   implementation
truth:  function   function

test:  checks to see that a list of remote code .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return class for effective router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  if   validate

test:  return true if there is a ldap loop .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   new

test:  a helper function that returns content length .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  returns   program
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  returns the or sets the currently set the version of the package to run the current linux distribution .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an sha1 digest of obj with sorted chunks .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  null   like
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a date to a date .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  test using edge mask .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  test   mask
truth:  null   laplace

test:  helper function to format tokens that are actual and require the current position in a list of strings .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  function   list
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  send a remote request to the remote apps .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   handler
truth:  sends   null

test:  filter the list of source and returns a template template string .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deserialize an event from a user .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  step   event
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   changes
truth:  execute   a

test:  convert integer to python integer .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  run a bash shell command to capture the string to use .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  format   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  make   null
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return the gravatar url for the specified email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information criterion estimated as defined in the kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  given a function that will build a document for a browser browser to the browser .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  landing   null
truth:  if   null

test:  simple method to pretty print out the formatted hex hex hex hex hex string .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  takes   print
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_100nsec_timer url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import custom scripts .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  sync   content
truth:  import   custom

test:  make sure the given variable is a lower variable .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks for permission_code in an array with optional percent .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  prompts for multiprocess and returns true/false if it exists .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  to   action
truth:  null   utility

test:  function called by name .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  null   pyenv
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns skipped tests useful to skip test methods .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  initialize the macrorecorder and find output .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  create   configure
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the name from the dnsname stdlib name .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the public url of a given app .
truth: return the full . 
test:  null   url
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that a plaintext is absent .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   create
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  convert a string to astring .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to check the randomized status code and redirects to execution .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   response

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a status code .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  return true iff the executable exists .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  take   list
truth:  access   access

test:  hashes a password and returns a string of a given password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two slices that are not shared within the badge .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compares   software
truth:  compare   compare

test:  load a test method which can do any params to use the right api calls .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  check   a
truth:  test   parameters

test:  displays a few widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  widgets   widgets
truth:  add   a

test:  handles a new wiki document .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  grab   interface
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders of a task .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get uptime uptime .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  view   dict
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  broadcast a remote method that does not return anything .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the configuration of the specified commit on the device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  return   null
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific network .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a batchnormalization from a pcap .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  accepts a tuple of functions and returns a tuple of the values in it .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  capitalize   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the navigator .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  default   default

test:  parse the query from ldap database or send to date .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts from hsv to hsv space on hsv scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   rgb
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  instantiates a list of dictionaries or a given value within a list of strings .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all the listing a glob .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  if   function
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the distance between the two independent samples of a numpy array .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a gem source is add'] .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  set the esxi on the network or for the given host .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   host
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a pdb header into a file-like object .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a list of strings and checks for a space if the value is a valid space .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return a list of files with the same name .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns true if last code should be hashed .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the index for the given function .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  accept   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable a network cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  start   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  function for notify which is used from process .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  attach   attempt
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated string .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the data into a vector .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  define a descriptor property that should always be a decorator .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  used to store a specific minion .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  produces   a
truth:  store   store

test:  send a message as a websocket binary .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  to   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  finds all snippet in the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clear the task and maps in a task to the task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clears   task
truth:  clear   database

test:  retrieve splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  list   return
truth:  get   a

test:  computes polynomial terms of f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   map
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  return the lines as a unicode string from the path .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  return the reverse primers .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the normal pdf evaluated at *x*; args provides the mean .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes a entity from the database .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  register keystoneclient engine .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  tell   register
truth:  register   register

test:  test user .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  testing   functionality
truth:  test   script

test:  return exception data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  exception   data
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a pyfunction function that checks the first pyfunction after calling query .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  get   get
truth:  infer   infer

test:  find the full path to a resource in a directory .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  return   try
truth:  find   find

test:  decorate a binary function as a binary string .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  the user sent to their email address .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  validates   email
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test a table with a column that has the attribute attribute set to the attribute of the original table .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  get   attributes
truth:  test   test

test:  when a case where no errors is saved .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  test   load
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns whether each section in the section for a section .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  catch : required integer | ruleitem .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure that set traffic to all tests .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the weakly connected component of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  iterate   class
truth:  generate   generate

test:  add a process and its children .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of jobconf objects .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  translate   module
truth:  get   get

test:  validate the modules specification for deprecated modules .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  validate   validate

test:  coerce value to a timestamp .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  value   value
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  builds and changes the email email hooks for the given signal .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  enable port forwarding .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   port
truth:  remove   a

test:  restore a database to restore from the current directory .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  splits   return
truth:  restores   null

test:  check the validity of a string .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  null   issue
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save the registry cache dictionary to disk .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  reads   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  this function takes a list of elements of the elements of the elements of the elements of the sequence and returns the with the values of the values in the
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  find   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  view a warning page for use .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  warning   wrapper
truth:  print   a

test:  generates an rgb group of a commandline .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  to   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  called on saving website .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   registration
truth:  uses   uses

test:  check if the file has an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  allow promotion to be able to auth auth auth job .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  refresh   null
truth:  null   background

test:  return html to display for a url .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  return   link
truth:  transform   transform

test:  set registered environment for the provided package .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  need   setup
truth:  setup   python

test:  writes an error message and exits if the given message is found .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for one annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate the weight summation of the given list .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all tasks located in a task .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns data for certificate certificates and user certificates for a particular student in a given course .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  calls   returns
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state from the state or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   state
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given ipv4 address returns the appropriate ipv4 validators for the given ipv4 address .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  check if a server starts with a given server .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a new list of constraints with the same products as the values of the passed products .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  helper to parse a string from universal .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  create some categories in the parent with categories removed .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  null   categories
truth:  print   category

test:  tests the default values for the dictionary .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  calling   outputs
truth:  test   test

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all registered tests .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns a unified diff of a and b .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  diff   diff
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to nipy and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  wrap   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  repack the xpi temporarily to a temporary directory .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  extract   manager
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove a path from the file system .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  file   delete
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensures that the overlay is present name the name of the overlay to delete .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  run the entire photo to the given email .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  demonstrates   encode
truth:  is   null

test:  return the vms status .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  returns   vm
truth:  get   get

test:  check for the existence of all standard monkeypatched in the given module .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  command   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  check   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempts access nested data structures and not blow up a set of json values .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  access   a
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the key value from the config file .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  settings   settings

test:  merge multiple keys using the provided keys .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  merge   merge

test:  encode a string using bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse a system and a repository tag .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  splits   image

test:  returns a short key for a nonce .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  hashes   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all fixed ip from specified host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  get   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  gives whether the input is accessible from the system .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  function   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write a disk to disk .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a key for the given key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  update database exceptions with database exceptions that have ciphers .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  update   update
truth:  given   a

test:  either update or update the update update list and update items .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  deletes   add
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute polynomial n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns true if lun id is available on the given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random n-bit number .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string like the yes/no log data .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  return   data
truth:  to   try

test:  a firetv .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  null   integral
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a qcolor into a bsgs string .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  returns   color
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest ip from begin that returns the time .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a signatures of the given parent of the given parent .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  format   format

test:  computes the resized and height of images .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  draw   changes
truth:  resize   images

test:  helper to format a timestamp in iso8601 format .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  join   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass multiclass .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks the given expression .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns test providers providers dir .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the correct name .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  computes polynomial remainder of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  divide   null

test:  use an event with a track event .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  get a configured context .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  use   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  view function for getting the specified xblock key .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check the file sanity check for the selected process .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager to temporarily change the known state of a specific backend .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  context   mocks
truth:  simulate   null

test:  benchmark score for the given episode .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  null   pooling
truth:  to   method

test:  returns true if bottleneck should be bottleneck .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  create an in-memory private key cli example: .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  yield configuration values that were configured by the configuration .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  return   in
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  run tests .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  point   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  generate a sphinx file and return its filename .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a tcl .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  transforms   windows
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  applies regular expression filtering to the given query .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  create all lambda function details .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a new theano constant function .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  null   view
truth:  use   use

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract the zipfile from a zip file .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  archive   archive

test:  return : lpar .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path of a resource - file on a resource - used as a tuple representing a breadcrumb symlink .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the unit name for a given unit pattern .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  return   information
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around sids that allows us to specify a case .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  check   database
truth:  given   null

test:  ask the user for their shared instance .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  find   a
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if g is a maximal matching in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a new line ( requirement: * mysql * mysql tested against: notes: * mysql 4 useful to bypass several
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  adds   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  runs a wsgi application on the given service .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  run   run
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  convert a utc decimal instance to decimal places .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  compute runstest stats between two independent samples .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  coerce   format
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the number of log angles as a rescaled .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  search   generator
truth:  order   order

test:  single argument type function .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  set   null
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert a time string to a time tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return item pointer pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   a
truth:  store   store

test:  train the default model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   null
truth:  train   a

test:  check that the generated files exist in the yaml files .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  process   return
truth:  return   a

test:  insert some data in a given file as a file-like object .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  decode   log
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns the given path .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the minion group id .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   grain

test:  returns a unique resolved of paths from parent paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a given directory path and returns the result .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   variables
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the system info key for the provided key .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  project   tickets
truth:  null   null

test:  run the sens sens tests .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  correlation   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a llvm function for the given format .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  helper function for opening and configuration groups .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  replace   updates
truth:  named   find

test:  check whether mailgun hmac webhook are in the bad hmac webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  check   check

test:  handler for views that logs user out .
truth: update request . 
test:  null   log
truth:  request   request

test:  queries against public url .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  discard the intensity files that will take out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parses a configuration string and returns a dictionary of the form tuples .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  generates a kroneckerdeltas indices of the expression .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  permutes   null

test:  returns a regex with cookies in a given sequence .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a block based on the optionally tag .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a list of names and their states exactly one .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  get   a

test:  update an existing flagged object .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  update   update

test:  skip test if config can be run in config to skip test .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  decodes a slug from the slug .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   globals

test:  user has changed signal .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  receives   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the object points to a nonstring .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  object   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validate the filters which are supplied filters .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the no window function; .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  multivariate negative negative integer .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  float   float

test:  returns the mode of questions defined in the table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  return   return

test:  returns information about the registered info in the registered token .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  basic %%file function .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  if   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   wrap
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the system wigner of the main wigner .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  null   function
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  thread   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  decorate or plot axes with a axes date .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  plot   messages
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  remove the given file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get the template at the given path with the given path .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the first .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  scan a directory and all interesting modules .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns a list of all nodes found in a given tree .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   tip

test:  returns the arguments of the current locale or none if it exists .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  in the case you want to use this function is because of the two directories like the database .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  checkout   apps
truth:  run   run

test:  handle all the data in the given css document .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   length
truth:  return   return

test:  perform the drain to the dom channel .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  results   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  table with normal names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return the min cost of an network flow .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address from binary array to a human readable integer .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  append text to the proper string .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  function   null
truth:  append   a

test:  locate the leftmost value exactly equal to x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  return   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes svn review request name .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  close   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  parses a string as a boolean .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  template   html
truth:  takes   a

test:  list the elements of a list .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  null   n
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the subset of the list names that match the pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  apply fact fact to specified facts dict args: provider : existing provider facts returns: dict: the result of adding the provider provider with the supplied provider facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   inverse
truth:  apply   provider

test:  initialize the global c{zope for all available hosts .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  time   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move a host and port to a socket .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   tasks
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of a --format=legacy command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a string representation of a format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   a

test:  split the requested locales into the list of requested locales .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  adds new advanced component with the given index .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  click   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert correctly function to polar direction format .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  convert   up
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a dictionary with keys of keys that are not a single key .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from an echo url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by key .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   get

test:  decodes a protobuf from a entity_pb .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   method

test:  regression test for a reference implementation where the softmax value of different values of the array should raise a reference implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  test that rotation [3736] [3736] [3736] .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 installed .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   null

test:  whatever the data for the specified xml .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   null
truth:  define   a

test:  returns dataframe code : name : .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  function   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision revision for the given revision .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  like composite .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  empty   request
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks whether unrar is of unrar and has batchnormalizedmlp .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  calling   check
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a string that can be used as an application keys .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  calculate   a

test:  calculate probability from directory in directory .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the instance type of the quota for a given instance .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the scalar vector of a 1-d vector .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the matching public key used for the given hash .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   a

test:  produce an scipy scipy for rounding and value2 .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  compute   records
truth:  value   value

test:  send an email to a user added email for the pbkdf2 email change .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   email
truth:  email   email

test:  checks that payoffs expect for given nmap_limits .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  compares the object of a subscription by the given object .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  null   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  list   tags
truth:  null   plural

test:  get the available certificates .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  registers a class with a specific extension .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   a
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  a no-op migration has been modified .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send an notification to the configured notification driver .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  send   notifications

test:  llvm an endpoints description of a certificate description to a description .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  authenticate   a
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of a given state object .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a gcode file for a path .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  if   null
truth:  build   a

test:  strip target ssh ssh ssh ssh .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new vm namespace .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  block   block

test:  get a loop with only the points that is consistent from inside the channel .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  training   get
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  flatten a reply list .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  returns the given given file descriptor to a path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  include   a
truth:  return   a

test:  adds the logged in the request to the context .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  to   add
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a specific host from the host or host cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a value in a url .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  load   data
truth:  build   build

test:  parse command line options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  command   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns a direction direction .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   sequence

test:  recursively include per per sff files in all sff .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  traverse   loading
truth:  return   a

test:  function for integer not use in a string .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  string   null
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth basic auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  builds a list of all instances that can be transparency to keep the value of an optimized .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given an offset .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  time   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that get_user() function works on a web contenttype .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  to   push

test:  fixture to create a mainframe file that will run a combines test .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  list   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series with a series with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate the score for each value in the mns scores .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  retrieve all in-process partition partition partition cohorted for the specified user .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the key entry point for the given target name .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  null   key
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves a differential equation linear differential equations with the given name and the result of the function .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  convert a color limits to the correct image .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  helper method for storing the cms page in the cache .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   cache
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  musicbrainz musicbrainz musicbrainz musicbrainz musicbrainz musicbrainz object into an album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  get   musicbrainz
truth:  search   search

test:  compute a frequency id and isbow .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  if   copy
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all configured networks cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove the given data .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  return   files
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the current axis of the given element .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  clears   shell
truth:  sets   sets

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "raw" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  loads a configuration from places .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  checks   logic
truth:  find   a

test:  copy a clean file to destination using the sample .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  files   files
truth:  copy   copy

test:  function to make the variable variable from the given symbol .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  format   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get the cache location .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   cache
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  can the user courses to have access to the target .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  determine   null

test:  adds the list of media files to the given resource .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  embed   media

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  ajax view to get a user .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  consume   add
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ping the trace hook .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  null   execution
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: objtag .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test heterogeneous annotations for neuromag .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve the path to the current lets lets use .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  raises an exception if it does not already exist .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  convert command line operation to a interator operation .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  write   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a string to a human readable number .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  converts   bytes
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clears internal internal cache record .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns a formatted date in the format appropriate by the given format .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  split estimator into estimator with estimator and y .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a string using the facet routine .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  remove the check from the given agent using the given check .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  if   check
truth:  removes   a

test:  helper for checking if c is supported .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  to   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  dump a yaml record to a file .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  function   check
truth:  to   null

test:  return a string must be a valid book in the book .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  label   netmiko
truth:  null   page

test:  return the default vlc .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres user cli example: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  utility function to convert any time to an instance of the given model .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  returns the ip address contained in the silvercity .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap arguments with an http fetcher which has been websocket to show .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get the current alternate configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  marubozu test .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  to   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the current date in iso 8601 format .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  tests no startswith and after us errors .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  check   languages
truth:  load   tm

test:  pretty-print a bem model .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  -   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert pil image to a given image .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns a dictionary of attributes for the given name .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  load a new module .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  null   hook
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  start the specified encoder .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model stochastic 56 .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a string of bytes as a mongodb key .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get an credentials cli example: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  exponential linear unit function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  color   sigmoid
truth:  null   implementation

test:  spin a raw plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns the minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset message and limit to the closest failure .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  raises   msg
truth:  issue   a

test:  finds and returns where nodes are selected in the list whose nodes are selected in the order of the given nodes .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  find   return
truth:  finds   a

test:  creates a new contrib setup .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  instantiate   generate
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a random participant of the given llvm .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a description from a requested server .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  changes   service
truth:  return   return

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  determine the closure of an ismaster closure .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all groups with details cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the project description of the frame .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  powers   configures
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the global profiler number .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  like assertraisesregexp but wraps the user when the request fails .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  like   execution
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of x with z in y .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  called by the servicetester in order to configure jobs when no cms is defined .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  utc   a
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense list of symmetrical values to a sparse sparse matrix .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  create   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge all files under fn .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  files   files

test:  print a summary of a given node .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   tree

test:  completely clear all the cache files in the revision .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  after the tab completion .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  the test runner can be instantiated .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   runs
truth:  test   program

test:  common setup for @hosts java jar .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  create   add
truth:  executes   null

test:  install the given message on response .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  parse the channel mode from the channel .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check packages that are unique for download and absence of too os .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  null   request
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  helper function to check if input is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  turn a version string into a dictionary with the value of the given version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  map   a
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic float variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  formats a timestamp to a pushover string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return text in the encoding .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  force   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  creating   conversion
truth:  test   x10

test:  create the file .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a :class:flask wsgi chain for use with paste .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path of a directory .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  derive   ini

test:  add a function calls to the given plugin calls .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  the javascript arent arent to nodes in the expression .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a cooked port number that is reporting .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  index   index
truth:  value   value

test:  seed the random data symbol used by the seed to seed .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   seed

test:  parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  returns a string .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   function
truth:  encode   data

test:  test to ensure wiskott can be loaded .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  verify the setting headers doesnt have the same setting .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  display the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if this item exists .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a alternating alternating graph from a graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  null   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  clears a session .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  like microsites .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the options dialog .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  command   command

test:  perform the gender for a word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test when a file isnt possible to be removed .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  require   null

test:  return list of languages read from task .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  list   check
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on the image of a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numpy array to a sympy expression .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate a unique digest for a credential given a credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of instances that arent cli example: .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that the response headers are the expected response .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dictionary with the key from the configuration .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current foreign namespace if the foreign namespace doesnt exist .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  imports the full path to the supplied router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  convert report to master client .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  test   function
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the path passed to ignore a list of ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   function
truth:  return   return

test:  computes a list of ntuples that are swarms in the coordinate mapping .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  null   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  a batches of batches of dictionary mapping batches to black .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  null   loss

test:  return versions of versions for salt .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  report   report

test:  create a regex given a list of pattern .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  format an array of bytes in packed chunks .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  receive   way
truth:  pad   pad

test:  create a x509 extension .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  format a number .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  if   function
truth:  null   null

test:  load a configuration file and merge it to the chamber supplied .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  to   helper

test:  replace the dots with the given document and replace it with the given document .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  determines   replace
truth:  null   method

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a sparse matrix .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  if   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  finds all the state until a state has a specific state until it returns true .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  a helper to render a subjects file .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  unpause   group
truth:  set   set

test:  produce a dataframe to the appropriate type of a sparseseries or its index if the input is a scalar .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a html copy of the akin for a task .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  text   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  when a local source file does not exist .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   null

test:  wrapper to get a duration of a field .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse the given like type and return it .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  given the type .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  find email address and return it .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   multiple
truth:  send   send

test:  ensure that a string is an instance of a built-in type .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  force   null
truth:  throw   null

test:  build a list of variables which allows us to change the tip .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode a base64 image file from base64 to another .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  takes   wrapper
truth:  base64   base64

test:  injects data mounted by the filesystem into a filesystem into a filesystem .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  converts   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  this is used to determine the highest protocol version that is currently supported by this version .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the m3 path without the m3 .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   converts
truth:  builds   null

test:  runs the unit tests without the tests .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  test   runs
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole debug token to a debugging output .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  create a cluster in the database .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the connected ip address to a given ipv6 address .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  loads a user configuration file and create a specific config object .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  load   config
truth:  read   user

test:  invert a node .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  get   null
truth:  inverts   a

test:  decode a raw uuid string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decode   a

test:  set the vhost for a vhost policy args: name : the policy to send json file from the policy to its likely version .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  view a comment by spawns and related to a comment .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  save   a
truth:  stores   a

test:  load the given schema .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  load   reading
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns true if the user has friends .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   pad
truth:  decode   a

test:  same as register_admin_extension but also checks on easier .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   effects

test:  check that the mapping mapping_fp: mapping_fp: .
truth: gets header . 
test:  confirm   check
truth:  header   header

test:  returns the name of the view that should be used as an integer or if the current view .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  ignore the user to display a text file .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a global function by name .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   decorator
truth:  infer   a

test:  return the absolute version of the repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the objects managed by node2 .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  works   works

test:  return a list of namedtuple .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  unquotes a filter which can be an integer .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  limit payment entries in a document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  -   characters
truth:  cancel   null

test:  return an enum class which defines the given members constant .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  join   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the attachment specs for the specified attachment record .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a date string to a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  support   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get gcode files which start with plugins in the start of the accepted files .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   minion
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve a list of auth params for the given request .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  look   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  edit   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  create an array with a given level .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  if   data
truth:  receive   a

test:  given an unsigned type .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  format   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculate the number of positive and the actions required by the given number of interest .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  time   calculate
truth:  content   content

test:  parses the s entry from a eip and returns a dictionary .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  -   parses
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get the lowest managers for a sca figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  call fbater need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/rg_convert_lped_fped .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  to   fbater
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  returns a list of all the devices devices .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all available package upgrades on this system cli example: .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of a function within [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  decorate methods with this if the passed in is a web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  null   methods
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run a traffic command on a remote host .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   like
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents needs a review request .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  create   a
truth:  count   count

test:  computes polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  works like str .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  given   api
truth:  return   return

test:  test secondary as various secondary chart .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   x
truth:  test   test

test:  load the stack data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get an access sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   keys
truth:  returns   a

test:  require python package installation .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   python
truth:  test   python

test:  return the elasticsearch tests for the test .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the url of a follow error for a particular actor instance <a href="{% follow_url other_user %}"> {% if request or false if no buster .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  if   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data to error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies that the cypher with a cypher key exists .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  verifies   a

test:  helper to preprocess an expression that is a assert_is assert_is .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  converts   generator
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  return the absolute path for the given user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  redirect   new
truth:  add   a

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  upgrade   counts
truth:  used   null

test:  calculate the blackwhite clip of the graph .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  applies   replaces
truth:  null   null

test:  the comments should not occur when the comments of a feature .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   null

test:  a convenience method to get the correct validator value for a given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   validator

test:  converts the timestamp of a timestamp to a timestamp object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  make sure the given data is a single string .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrites   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the image with the given axes image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  return   add
truth:  update   update

test:  normalize a summary of a powershell to be removed from the name of the file to clear .
truth: internal function . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an xri to iri-normal form .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test x labels with a list of labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  given a comment and a responder sublime scores .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get current environment variable for subprocess by subprocess .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  send an oauth url to the user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  server   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  create a generator that returns a list of characters from a string .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  normalize the given content .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  reads a filter file .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   comments
truth:  read   in

test:  set the mention notification notification to the given system .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  function   function

test:  bind ack to ack .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  return   item
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper to get a series of the bounding info .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  finds   validation
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns checksum from outside to formatted checksum .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  calculates   converts
truth:  construct   null

test:  returns the list of entries that are referenced by the name@domain .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   dns
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the hyperbolic norm of *a* .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   letter
truth:  compute   compute

test:  pause a running container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  unpauses   wrapper
truth:  pauses   a

test:  turn a 1-hot encoding into a probability .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  generate   apply
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the flat score of the i-th z of the input array .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   metric

test:  run the doctest module .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  doctest   filter
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the unquoted version of a scheme .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  is   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if the specified file has been start on .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  start   a
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  train one or more files in a train directory and tensorflow .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  train   a
truth:  based   demo

test:  provides a request handler for the given exception .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  exception   handle
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all features installed on the system .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  smoke test the softmax function .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  returns the path to the image dir for an instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return information about the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   queries
truth:  return   return

test:  product of a tensor .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   try
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  the singular function returns the string containing the generate number of bytes .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  namespace_scope : lpar | left | testlist .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  wait for a function to run the specified timeout .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  return a generator for the entire json .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  iterates   json
truth:  null   generator

test:  creates kroneckerdelta structure from tree .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of default values .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the provided sum for the input n-dimensional .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  cross   cross

test:  provides admin on admin details .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the stack data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   data
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  calculate the classifier on the classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the given target is a valid target .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  compute the distances along the given curve of the new curve .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  uses the ipv#address method to encode a local remote .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  compare   a

test:  returns a list of all known children and outputs .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add a new client to the organization cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  give   a
truth:  set   up

test:  change the config directory for tv .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  download   frequency
truth:  change   change

test:  test if the gradient of a block is an op gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for api methods of filename methods .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to mark tests for test if required .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all the fixture fixture .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  removes a user from the access control service .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  fixture   utility
truth:  null   handler

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  fail the test unless the cli prompt is valid .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  match a mounted path in the device using the absolute device .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  if   group
truth:  matches   matches

test:  decorator for views that checks that the given name has all loaded lazy .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  null   a
truth:  be   null

test:  seen_union : service dicts .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   interpolation
truth:  null   service

test:  return the files in a folder .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  write a xml file to a list of tuples .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   a
truth:  send   send

test:  return the llvm user for the specified profile username .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the image exists and is up to the request .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  is   images
truth:  upload   upload

test:  convert rcode to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  calculates the barcode barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  retrieve   subroutine
truth:  split   sequence

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  change absolute path of absolute paths that was moved to the operating system .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  add   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can translation translation for given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a token with the given access token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   no
truth:  serie   test

test:  individually exists in csv mode .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  is   csv
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate a short key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the files recursively copy the path .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  starting   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  helper function to make a resource .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  create   html
truth:  return   a

test:  combines a single string or a set of values .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  use   function
truth:  format   format

test:  repack the loose directory that has been downloaded .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  call   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns a list of all available module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  assemble   a

test:  convert the given ctypeobj .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   works
truth:  convert   convert

test:  simple lazy test of lazy .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  creating   check
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the database used by the current thread .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  returns the docs version from the docs version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience function to wrap a proxy stream and exporter classes .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  provides   import
truth:  loads   a

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the value of an transparent object .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test that the there are correctly are correctly are correctly are raised correctly .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  null   null

test:  return the subgraph sequence that is a creation of the nodes in g .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  create   a
truth:  find   a

test:  return the index of the elements in predicate .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  sum   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strips all aware tokenizer .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the given path with the given collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the provided ip address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the locale attributes dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the multinomial name of a new expression parameters expr : the expression a sympy expression to be converted to a code object a direct .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  source   source

test:  break the pairwise matrix .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  pair   image
truth:  handle   handle

test:  returns a list of word in the file at the bottom of a corresponding z85 .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  splits   null

test:  returns the creation time of a volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  query   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  simple _tricube function for instance .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  null   gradient

test:  ensure tool contains exactly one command .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  parses a ovf matrix from one real and matrices as a ovf matrix .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decode a raw base64 string .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   escape
truth:  encodes   html

test:  return 1 if color(s) can be interpreted as an array .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  returns   color
truth:  color   color

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  add a new path to the sources table .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  adds   file
truth:  extracts   null

test:  transform messages prior to the new plugin will transform the registry into a certain exception .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if the given time has a symlink .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if g is a isolate graph for g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  the cache of inter is adding inter to the tensor with a inter tensor .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  test   read
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a snapshot .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a reqs list from a requirements .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  boolean   unpack
truth:  return   a

test:  read a file .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  read   python
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  call signature:: with the given polar axes .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  make   a

test:  this is the hook to determine if the code should be used .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  source   add
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   metric

test:  allow "prep: to be created on remote keys .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  null   in
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  parse the html .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  unleash   watchers
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  reset   method
truth:  null   method

test:  helper function for the _expm_multiply_* functions .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update the point to a given font .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wraps the given function in the given expression .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  like language .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  migrate the node from the api .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   connect
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  returns a list of comments for the given group .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  change frequency of the dataset .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  structured   null

test:  show a records of a records .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  extracts   get
truth:  null   controller

test:  run python interpreter in a configuration file .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  null   function
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the access code currently active code .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  check for except: .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  gets a list of programs from the given user and their status .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes the given expression so that it will reach the compiler unaltered .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: whitesource add jenkins to jenkins .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a list of numbers into a packed array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  returns   elements
truth:  packs   null

test:  q is a list of objects .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  allow   object
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a theano form representing a theano form .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  load a module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  find   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  recursively iterates over the given dictionary .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new ssl name and add it to the tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer port number and convert it to json .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate the json text as json .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate the depth in the tree to a given node .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  text   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to unpack signal from integer .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  null   c*x**i
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  calculate the body of a sha1 request .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  return   list
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns true iff the most recent files can be changed on the device .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get flavor specs for flavor specs .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  print an instance of a step snippets .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  push   patches
truth:  print   snippets

test:  prepares a search and then display with contributors .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  sort elems in the list elems .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if there is a csr or csc matrix .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  vdot -> int calculates the the lower size of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  just a inline by our author .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  look   up

test:  calculates an md5 hash of the given key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  construct   generate
truth:  cache   cache

test:  exercise show show keywords from both hosts and route the '{}{}' interface .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the old configuration string for use with paste .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  return   method
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml provider cli example: .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  returns a random column of "b" random numbers .
truth: like rand . 
test:  create   neighbor
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  formats the http code description .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  return true if plot is from the socket .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  log into the message .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd rrd .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a symlink or a stat .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  searches the given text on a text and a indent .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  function   xml
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is a decorator to generative a function to be called before the signature to make sure that the resulting is converted to the function before reloading a task task
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  takes a widget and returns the views widget by name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  list   null
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert the translations to a dict of different translations for each translations .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate valid resource object .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the scene absolute numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yield all the process with the given process .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  list   function
truth:  null   null

test:  do a attached to a specific attached file .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  given   a
truth:  map   map

test:  normalizes string that can be used to lazy non-string non-string .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  extract a new port from the given network port .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  build the routes for a script cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  add   route

test:  reorder the elements of a polynomial assuming the polynomial series .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  hashes the given html with the given key .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   key
truth:  take   null

test:  return a block until it is public .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  convert an integer to an integer .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  converts   s
truth:  check   check

test:  logs the message in the given log file .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  debugging   s
truth:  set   set

test:  render an "add form **tag name**:: form **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset_errors **parameters**: {{ form that displays the form errors %} {{ {% bootstrap_formset form %} **example**:: {% bootstrap_formset form %} {{
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   formset
truth:  form   form

test:  dump the list of registered confi .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add gear from path .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   path

test:  returns a datetime object .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the data into a vector .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator for demo functions which alter multiple names and are applicable before storing .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search filter that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the string of a json file .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  content   a
truth:  read   a

test:  returns a mock request to the specified user .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  return   context
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the accuracy of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns payment part of a file in a wrapped format .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  returns   truncate
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  returns a human-readable string for the given json hexadecimal .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  null   json

test:  returns a string which encodes a set of strings .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching ready-for-l10n approved approved approved product for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins and read the output as a new one .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if a file matches the given filename .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  extracts the html tags from a string of an html tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  given a node .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  helper function for quickly getting the configuration config .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  null   literal_type
truth:  get   current

test:  filters a function or return the filters for the given call .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  call   a

test:  add a user to the htpasswd file .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  join   null
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name equals number .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show the notification function .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   call
truth:  null   notification

test:  parses any timestamp information from the given query string .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper to decide whether a regular expression should be a static resource .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  value   format
truth:  returns   html

test:  get endpoint segment from the endpoint segments .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a pend search paths .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decides the box for the given user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  null   badges

test:  this task task to run all the files in the index .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  evaluate   app
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test packagefinder only set links .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets a list of blog posts and stores them in a varable .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  generic function to filter names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  reads the input deprecated .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   null
truth:  count   count

test:  serialize the users avatar url for a user .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  reset the cached data for the current thread .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  reset   settings
truth:  populate   docker

test:  convert the string to a byte string .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the singular field of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write metadata as a standardized stream of metadata .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   data
truth:  writes   null

test:  generates a subset of rows for the order-k of a set of complex points .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  modify   version
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get paths by paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the t-test mean of order n .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy a new already exists .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that a tree yields a tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds a message to the real event .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  change   message

test:  return a connected cluster based on the cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  build   a

test:  get redis key from the selected server cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with super permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if the new attr is importable .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a form for a given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  if   in
truth:  calculates   a

test:  returns a tuple that contains the current application instance .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  const_map_item : test .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   null

test:  get all substitutable rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  calculate the parts of a bytearray .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the given path can be written or created .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of current string to native strings .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a cert by name the domain to use the certificate credentials cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  calculates the renumerate function .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  function used to dynamically load a master/slave backend .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  create   function
truth:  get   get

test:  mat hold .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  hold   star
truth:  null   cloud

test:  accepts a json record and converts it to a json python record .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  create   json
truth:  value   value

test:  creates a random sample directory that will updates the given categories .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add to surrounding from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  to   sphere
truth:  to   add

test:  creates a thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that we can label their folder when a folder is part of a folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context request section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  given a prompt .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the status of a http status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   status

test:  delete stripe confirmation from stripe .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  deletes   review
truth:  null   null

test:  read raw egi object to file .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   download
truth:  read   read

test:  to update the stacks state in the stacks layer .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  return   stack
truth:  null   method

test:  test that we can get the same format from -- .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  load   load

test:  calculate unified diff without diff-quality leading text .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  pair   a
truth:  text   text

test:  return a datetime object .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all modules that are pools .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to delete an object from the given object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  adds   manager
truth:  set   set

test:  mount a partition example:: from child child process .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   null
truth:  mount   mount

test:  prepare the provided exception for the current database_engine .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a list with the given plugin name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  get   type
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  checks whether file can be based on system .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  adds a new plugins with the given plugins .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  func   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts cookies from request with an html fragment .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  return   requests
truth:  request   request

test:  helper function for en-us and return the string containing the string tags .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  control   function
truth:  split   split

test:  parse the options and a large token .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  turn   parse
truth:  expr   expr

test:  parse a list of tokens .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  list   matrixsvg
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  create a new dev cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   connection
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  get a security group with the specified security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   security
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id delete the corresponding thread delete .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield successive chunks from a list of elements in the given chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  updates a release_id described in the database .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  displays   update
truth:  sync   sync

test:  given a url string .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  list   a
truth:  put   a

test:  change the given journal to output a file into the given filename .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  send a command to a next condition .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  deprecate passing an operation on a specific value .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  test   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  object   a
truth:  send   message

test:  verifies that the user can be codedeploy based on the request .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  makes   check
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  see the customise field .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  list   allocations
truth:  customize   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   call
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert value to a key and key .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  find an action in the provided action .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  mark a function as immune .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  gets the ccx to use for a ccx .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset ip address input and hashes table .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  a wsgi response to the constant view .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  should be a wrapper for the fail .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  works   wrapper
truth:  train   a

test:  send a message to a hipchat recipient .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  document   null
truth:  send   a

test:  returns list of users users that occur more than one .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the virtual machine for the given vm in the list .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function to recreate a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the username that the user has changed for the given site .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  handle   handle

test:  given a azure object .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  click the dom selector .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a string which is the concatenation of the strings in the sequence .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  null   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add complex holes to rack .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine x .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  if   null
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  create threshold sauvola .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  reconstruct   find
truth:  applies   null

test:  get the list of dictionaries .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission grant for a role on the provided resource .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  based on url .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  flatten   a

test:  formats a timedelta time string to make it usable in seconds .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  load all xml files .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns the currently selected language bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run a test on a web site where the web site is running .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  read data from a file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  saves   find
truth:  read   read

test:  creates a txt response from the appropriate txt records .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  creates   plaintext
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates on the cluster sff .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  decode   binary
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  a operator that yields the given invalid characters .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  a method to set the current time of a given function .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  registers   change
truth:  null   cli

test:  run a client over a given server to the server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  searching   run
truth:  run   nltk

test:  given a path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  given   up
truth:  null   a

test:  function used to check the http error decorator .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  doctest   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dnf version of a string .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wraps a jinja application with a jinja environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  null   function
truth:  create   create

test:  run the given providing .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  return   null
truth:  server   server

test:  generates a unique id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  function   outputs
truth:  return   a

test:  in the list of facebook to retry it the user can do any errors .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  demonstrates   errors
truth:  sending   sending

test:  get default domain object .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a baremetal interface .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   parse
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a json time .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  take as input a list of string .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  set   set

test:  load a coverage coverage .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  bytes   format
truth:  load   a

test:  connect a gcm between two factor files structures on tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   session
truth:  run   session

test:  retrieve a diff for the specified user .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get a normal by the given number .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  encode a line transform into list of hashble objects .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  generate a generator of non-zero elements of a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates parent status for a given field .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   status

test:  validate an exception in the generic cls .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  null   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a property; object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes in the graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  detect the unit tests for sys .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  merge all the returner from the returners .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  return   color
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the item passed in is a known type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  adds the given value with value of the input variable .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  replace the given path with its paths replaced by their .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  change   a
truth:  replace   argument

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts string argument to bool .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  value   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the lg tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register a new colors .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  recursively quarter plot .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check lockfuncs .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  simulate arma impulse impulse impulse impulse impulse decimal : float terminal terminal .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  link   correlation
truth:  get   get

test:  subscribe a topic to a specific topic .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn light on a track off of a particular entity off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  if   null
truth:  called   null

test:  test setting up volume from a referenceproperty volume .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  setting   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  make masked masked array .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  array   rstrip
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of opportunitys .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a token for the given host .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  token   token

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses required to binary representation .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes axes *ax* : a second axes in the yaxis additionally : the yaxis axes : the current axes axes used for use in the axes login
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  convert integer to float .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  print text in text output .
truth: string in color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  string   in

test:  seconds seconds into a actual timestamp .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  function   display
truth:  return   a

test:  list vms on this azure account .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the terminal size in bytes .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the version of the revno instance .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  for testing .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  null   change
truth:  like   like

test:  determines the meeting link for a given user .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   link
truth:  log   a

test:  check if *obj* is instance .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  tell non-whitespace on a interface .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  time   null
truth:  changes   interface

test:  reports a signal to the users model-initiated .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  blocks   order
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the convert an integer to an integer .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   integer
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute square-free of a square-free polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  extended   include
truth:  return   a

test:  test that all the edges are ignored .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  yields   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parses a tstamp field from the given format .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   remove
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns none if the value is none or empty .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  null   null
truth:  default   default

test:  write the distribution to a file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   replaces
truth:  write   a

test:  unsubscribe from a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  compute the ratio of the graph in the graph .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   command
truth:  download   download

test:  get all member for linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and basepath inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt complex zeros of sine and cosine fresnel integrals s(z) and complex zeros .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  show a box with an ok user .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  null   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find the absolute path of a parent directory that is located by the parent .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the year language and the month format for the locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a task that uses the execution of amazon tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  execute   task
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  index   index
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add an event to the queue .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  find   homepage
truth:  accept   a

test:  constructs the entire client from the settings and send it to the secrets api .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in order to be used as function call the function from the given method .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates the vim post post post post for scanning a simple operation .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  implement   attribute
truth:  builds   null

test:  extract the first id from a list of lines .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a list of all available agent .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  makes   arg
truth:  list   list

test:  generates the report for an prox components .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  function   ip
truth:  null   operator

test:  returns a string representation of a single interpretation .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  format   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  the module import types .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  spectral density function for estimating inputs of a dataset using defined by the second kind .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  updates a default document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  check   locale
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  a short helper function for checking if a line contains a line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  in a shipment from a timedelta .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  send   null
truth:  process   a

test:  test and after a package is uninstalled .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  test   uninstall
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network on a specified network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  change the uid for a given cachedir cli example: .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  delete   information
truth:  set   set

test:  a context manager to temporarily change the lines of a code to a global user .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  code   manager
truth:  patch   patch

test:  slices a list of numbers into a fixed pmf .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  test   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  convert a document to a string .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  to   optional
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  finds an instance of the window by its index .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  insert   in
truth:  get   get

test:  the email address is a valid intent .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  placeholder -> str concats the expression evaluation of the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  display   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt the given data key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   attempt
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get the warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  list   return
truth:  warning   warning

test:  given an identity key .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   null
truth:  look   up

test:  direct_declarator : id .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates a new in-memory ifilenames graph for use in parallel .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  build   function
truth:  construct   a

test:  verify if there is a finite where there are all finite segments .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  checks   assert
truth:  throw   a

test:  unquote the string for use in a unquoted string .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  unquote   windows
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  given a course_key return the value of the element and remove any depth which is allowed to concatenate .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  parse a content-type and return a dict with the results of the response headers .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  process   process
truth:  to   attempt

test:  decorate a function to be called with a garbage endpoint .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  dispatch a new resultraise .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should print the same file with django admin django on django .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add the given fake inputs and group .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  create   create
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to backwards .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   null
truth:  source   source

test:  parse the startup from the startup response .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  startup   packets

test:  determine if a loop is inside a normal loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get a schema to which a postgres server .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  dictionary   requires
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing python string .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   function
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a path list is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the file encoding where the content encoding was a valid encoding .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  content   null
truth:  to   try

test:  get the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  return   default
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a description of a field .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  update the named ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  set   set

test:  clean out the cached points .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  scans   fake
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get the umask function for a osr installation of time .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the comment and given a comment .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  display the sync version of the database cli example: .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  display   display
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  simulates a connection to the software software server .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  mock   get
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is the string from the series/index and returns a string .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   boolean
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function is the backported version of --outdated .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  empty   remove

test:  returns the page url for the given name .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  return   get
truth:  look   up

test:  osf the email with a user .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  project   binary
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert the given list of docstrings to a singleton whose top level are 0 with level of the decorated function .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  do   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 dont accept the gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  signal to open the given setting and suggestions .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  package   checking
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  decorator to check if yreturn is not in dipy .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test the correctness of the autoregressive .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determine the current hardware configuration for the given database using the factory; .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a file with the given name and write contents to it .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  create   a
truth:  write   contents

test:  determine whether the given key can be made for other utility-function .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  converts the given dictionary of type dshape to bytestrings .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a profile should be imported .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the float version from the git git version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  return   package
truth:  git   git

test:  only load the module if postfix is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  clone the page with links .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  return   encodes
truth:  open   documentation

test:  checks if the api is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  calculate the textile for a given head .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  given a variable s allow .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  expand   logs
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  writes a given factor to each sample in the given sequence .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the timeout is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  make   null

test:  updates the user to the home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  null   user
truth:  named   null

test:  build a test suite for all the tests .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  return   virtual
truth:  visit   visit

test:  given a list of python modules .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this calls the windows library function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  null   data
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the path to the testfile testfile module for this version of the testfile false if it exists .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  perform morphological thinning of the given image on the input image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  checks that the error is present .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   quota
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  search for api .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  the control character puts() .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset network by id or server .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  utility function to identify a string of letters .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a list of all the themes that are known to all the the files in the given themes .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   theme

test:  gets the timezone tag for the current thread .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an internal lh entry in the constraint constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  creates a user with a given username .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  check   create
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  this function takes a list of nodes and returns true if the set of its isomorphic and only true .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  download zip file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   zip
truth:  download   a

test:  commit a commit .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  commit   commit
truth:  create   a

test:  doctest-skipping should skip a test by a helpful mkdir .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  abbreviate a list of unique elements .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   prewitt
truth:  null   sobel

test:  lists all dictionaries in a specific database cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  list   style
truth:  return   a

test:  call the specified function with the given arguments using the specified port; .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  time   manager
truth:  command   command

test:  test average number of average to the solution of months .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  setting   mne
truth:  averaging   test

test:  given a cmac .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  add   up
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get a queue:: group cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  calculate the number of monomials for use in openshift-scaler .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the subgraph crust by k in g .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  return   return

test:  serialization object to make sure that the object is handled by the unicode_obj function .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns true if the given wcs are available .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  get the current python ipython ipython ipython ipython .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  pushes a session document in a different document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  step case definitions on step definitions .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  default   default

test:  gets sid from a specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  is   null

test:  when a supplied environment changes is changed .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  modify   null

test:  using the streaming api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  using   use
truth:  sample   sample

test:  helper function to replace a setting value from a kodi setting .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  computes polynomial remainder by a constant in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  add security groups to a file group cli example: .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   set
truth:  modifies   null

test:  saves the user for the zarp compatible project .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  calculate the ordered object for a record .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get an instance role with a given role name .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  list   check
truth:  to   check

test:  download the supplied dictionary .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  download   install
truth:  return   args

test:  return the path to the datacenter path for the datastore .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  return   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  pretty print the depth of an array .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  calculate   depth
truth:  depth   depth

test:  drops a database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   connection
truth:  drop   database

test:  group binary files into a dict of channels .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  turn   helper
truth:  write   a

test:  compute a linear regression problem with its inputs and return a singleton input .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   override
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check if a server:port matches a given name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  click the incoming event with a new instance .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  draw   function
truth:  select   null

test:  determines if a user can delete a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for an object to return the appropriate status code .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  assert that the given format is fe .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   create
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a hamming hamming window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the page from preview or preview path if found .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  find the lineage lineage for a specific lineage .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   updates
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the line with the loops .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  given an wsgi client id .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  sends   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  sorts the list of courses courses for a given announcement .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  data for modules with invalidates element values .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  decorator for locked exceptions .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  retrieves retrieves downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts binary representation label to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  returns true if the xml passed is a valid xml element .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  iterates   str
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed on the system .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid from a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert a collection to a search dict .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  writes a execution to the different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  return   join
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  create or serve a static window .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  produce   call
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of sequences of gamma with the same length .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if each line contains a newline at a point .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a perfect report .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the float prefix of the prefix .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   a
truth:  default   default

test:  called when the tcollector package is up .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   package
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   request
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for the cases in the :ref:user guide fitting .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the url string .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  to   return
truth:  get   get

test:  update or add resource from resource in dll/exe file as resource in dll/exe .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   context
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   ssl
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the current startup disks :return: a string indicating whether or not cli example: .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  displays   list
truth:  list   list

test:  pushes a topic push to the subscription subscription .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  push   log
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  expands a list of key names into a dictionary .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  xor   xor

test:  extract marker id from request or fail .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  a little generator that instantiates a type of zero zero and kind .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  null   function
truth:  given   a

test:  get the media descriptors user_data object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  builds a function object from the opargs code .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  turn   unpack
truth:  returns   a

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  parse the given html with the given vm and return the conf .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  time   a
truth:  print   print

test:  find all size in the given path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  return   samples
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a /xx int to an integer number of seconds .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  returns   headers
truth:  converts   a

test:  a seeother redirect to the api .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   show
truth:  null   titles

test:  make sure that the same rng give the theano parameter is specified .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  returns   starting
truth:  tests   tests

test:  transform a color probability density into one big array the right probability .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from progress to the progress api response .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   data
truth:  download   download

test:  reverse a song playlist .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  list   entire
truth:  order   order

test:  select the lowest path from path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  select   function
truth:  null   null

test:  unite -> iterator repeats the elements of iterable iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the template id for the given language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compiles all the controllers functions and data objects in the given folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back the file system for uploaded files .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the current timezone time zone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  control   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a path to the default sys .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  default   object
truth:  provide   null

test:  calculate md5sum of the string passed to the public key and exit .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  get   add
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  a few box about the current platform .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   print

test:  simple error handler to decides whether there are a limited error attribute in the response .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  returns   handler
truth:  prefix   a

test:  bind config to the given config file .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  returns   config
truth:  null   section

test:  start a single node .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  show   show
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a :class:flask configuration object for the given config .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   add
truth:  to   add

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a private key for a private key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  push   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  send user with given certificate and routes certificates for a course .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  endpoint   request
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  test whether a resource path is a mount directory .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  return   get
truth:  to   path

test:  converts all reading and returns a dict .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with noheader .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  l2 _compiler .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   class
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  imports from the namespace .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  look   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  this function returns a string that can be used to add/edit an alert registry .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns a list of files in the given folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all style style for the given grad .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  compute   watchers
truth:  computes   style

test:  function_definition : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears a scheduled event on the registry .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clear   kill
truth:  clears   null

test:  test that a trivial format is supported .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  test   show
truth:  write   a

test:  helper to get markdown description of markdown text .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  add   a
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the camera .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns a list of the series in the csv list for each series .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  figure   figure

test:  escape a url .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  escape   replace
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears a ccx field from a ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  chain a rule into a tree .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the argument before ellipsoidal the last argument .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a dictionary of the dns records for the specified dns dns dns domain name .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  return   errors
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a version from v1 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  is   diff

test:  returns the filename of the path without the extension .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  module function to set the trace python trace as a account .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  set   in
truth:  call   pdb

test:  returns the validation object with the provided service .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files to regain a temporary directory .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  list local stored in a remote server .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  display   a
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given a url string .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  convert an object to the native object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the average from each series is created from the average of the average series in the average sequence .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test template_name function .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   encodes
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of a built-in type .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  just returns the string change settings as string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  return   links
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a list of the calculators .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait for a vm in a dictionary to be run .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for component .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   function
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a single separator using the given charset .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that a regression test give an array of gcrs frames are reported .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  make a string for use in a url .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  remove the virtuals and return the package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  create   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  class decorator that instantiates a class with the given name .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   metaclass
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy data from paths to another location .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   number

test:  flatten a series of all applications .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  flatten   format
truth:  convert   app

test:  return the docstrings of all docstring whitespace .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  return   list
truth:  fill   a

test:  returns the configuration directory for the semaphore input .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to flush the database and put the current sequence .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  an integer to apply to localhost .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  disable   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a relative url from a relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if incomplete files have write permissions .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   sys
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  search up a query number of identifier names and 100 .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  find   function
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file with the specified name and parse the appropriate one argument .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  display the state data from the salt state data and display it from the salt state as a wrong system .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   queries
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  find the number of individual numbers required to ans .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  find   show
truth:  list   list

test:  create a weighted stable matrix based on the percentile of the function .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : for lparen semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read bti integer from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the next code for use in co-routines .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  null   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  retrieves the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the gauss-hermite quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a model path from a dictionary .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add given arguments to an optparse list .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  add   add
truth:  bind   cli

test:  check if the current directory exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the text of the source code for an object .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  define a kill_srv method contained in order to 2 .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  define   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given an hint job returns true if successful .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  find   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  a version of mkdir .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  format   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a list of coverage to exclude the tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms the given clip into the edges of the source image .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  returns a filter that checks if a filter is being created from a filter .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  returns   group
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of all jobs that have been last errors .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  handles a list of requests and their position .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  token   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  converts the given data components to camel data .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  convert   snake

test:  function to decorate methods in order to function theory .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for bash bash .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  locate   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript javascript and addons addons with a javascript resource supports javascript compile compile a javascript javascript .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  null   truncate
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to decide which should be used for methods to run a function to dump if the function is not implemented .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  returns a dict with the current site configuration .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  scope all parameters in a module .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  send   parameters
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: validating execute validating command with validating parameter parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate the css css to a scaling of both the &amp; .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   update
truth:  null   eval

test:  helper to transfer two how many events to take from keen .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  see   null
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the list of facet facet facet items .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unassign a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 == corrcoef == v2 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  returns   symbols
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  returns the first search results for a given search .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  complete   compare
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a record of a constant .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns the size of each row with the given prime .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert a datetime object to a unix timestamp .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  expand the path path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  expands   expand
truth:  provides   null

test:  patches the correct function so that they can be handler .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  null   test
truth:  dedent   null

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  return   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset the cache by creating the cache .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  splits a string into multiple lines .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  return   null
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records into a prodoc object .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  return true if node is an error .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   check

test:  orv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   orv
truth:  null   orv

test:  get an error message .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  set   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  convert the keys of a dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  copies   update
truth:  performs   a

test:  signed matlab content .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  command   a
truth:  return   return

test:  testing the output of many features should not occur when the rp is none .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return a script to send the given command to it .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  run   run

test:  find fs files in a list .
truth: many builds . 
test:  remove   apply
truth:  builds   null

test:  jinja2 breaks from the binary table .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  create   action
truth:  creates   null

test:  build a custom warnings type for the given filters .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  ensure an apache key is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  check   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  return   a

test:  indentation manager .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the cost cost of the graph g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the name of the parent theme by the theme .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  name   name

test:  for each common created for this brandsfor .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   top

test:  get the function text in the directory the file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of the option options for the passed options .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   tag
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message about the experiment log log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply a k[x] polynomial modulo a term in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return all available boot services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   dns
truth:  return   return

test:  add some system manager to user .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a tuple from the version .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  runs a wsgi application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  formatting   a
truth:  like   like

test:  returns true if the user can view an authenticated request .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to fasta .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   string
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the output of the ssh command .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a list of all enabled plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test to make sure that boto removes the bucket names from the bucket .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  test   test

test:  python 2 and python data .
truth: compress json . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  compress   json

test:  prepare the argument list in sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   changes
truth:  make   null

test:  if a file exists .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  stack   temporary
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to execute show arp on pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  given a dict .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the yes/no job will be used to rapid .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  get   show
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length hint of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  value   null
truth:  return   return

test:  locate the vmx .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  find   attempt
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a filter name for the given filetypes list of values .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a list of order item .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  format   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  adds an answer to the answer log for a given exploration log .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  force   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  index of lowest value .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and add a logger to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   up
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set a ccx which will terminate all of the given ccx for a ccx .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  receive   view
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are shown .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   tests
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is an abstract generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process files for files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   one
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the url for the current request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  returns   request
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the list of filters filters that are not filters out the configuration files .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  forced   wrapper
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that sample ids are duplicates and more duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  function   barcodes
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test downloads a bad resource .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  download   function
truth:  if   null

test:  clone a single mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes of the graph nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  check that sepcified of shortened cases cases correctly .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   test
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure the specified elasticache group exists .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   names
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  parses the request and returns the response .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  try   try

test:  table with twoline table that input lines are correctly by col .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  input   text
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute the dot dot product of two variables: batched_dot[i] = tensor parameters a : a tensor the dot if color is enabled .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether the specified service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the list of shorthand for the specified pattern .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  set the default lock of a task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   property

test:  download setuptools from the specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   downloads
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  merges includes the same name in the given pattern .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt the user to provide a value for a theano user .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  null   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a list of tuples in which indicate that the strings is a list of tuples .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  after ident .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   helper
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove the databases from the system .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the output from udev info response .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   list
truth:  parse   parse

test:  restore a configuration item from the configuration .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  poll   monkey
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the attenuation matrix for a given matrix .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   count
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a mainframe instance with a given project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  require   a
truth:  project   project

test:  helper for old_min-old_max validation .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  only load if incompatible is installed .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  module   validate
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  a function that constructs the dependencies of a repository dependency from the received repository and its dependencies .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the python version string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the version of the release version .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception raised by type .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  dimension   dimension
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check if the list of files exist in the here .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  receive related items .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the cliques cliques given node .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return data passed through butterworth filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   timeseries
truth:  return   data

test:  builds the port port number for the current environment .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  return   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sends an authorization url and stopped the results for the given url and relevant relevant relevant relevant query .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  initial callback - parses the insecure server .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  null   password
truth:  callback   callback

test:  validate a validation validation .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  converts   integer
truth:  ensure   val

test:  given an explicit summary domain object .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check whether the object has access to the course .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   numpy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  null   a

test:  ensure that the __pycache__ source file exists .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  import   import

test:  run a salt service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  create   a
truth:  name   name

test:  the theano function for theano pickle dataset .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  test   function
truth:  null   example

test:  returns a slice of the expression .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  take   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with a detached process .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  starting   starting
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator to check if a function needs to be used .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  returns a list of flat tags for a given tag .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  null   function
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a specific storagepool instance configured with a userena_mugshot_path .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return an integer for the flag from a string .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  return   description

test:  split a sequence into a sequence of arguments the same function that is the first part of the sequence desired sequence .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yield files in the given directory that should be found .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  iterate   generator
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test if the deployment deployment is set to false .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  exit   null
truth:  null   salt

test:  test whether the directory is an absolute file .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  use   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test whether an singleshot is available .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   isactive
truth:  setting   setting

test:  apply comments to original .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  search   p
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sudoers for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   bench
truth:  add   commands

test:  test reading and exiting of the recent recent recent 2['from'] .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  converting   test

test:  calculates the real mean of a numpy array .
truth: aux function . 
test:  make   use
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the html for a particular static page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function for raising an ndarray .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  create   data
truth:  allocate   a

test:  saves the task to the switch .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  save   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  render   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  given   null

test:  convenience function for creating a refactoringtool .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  null   package
truth:  null   convenience

test:  check if the simple sidebar is found in the cache .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of user ids in the request .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the leading coeffcient of f in a python string .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  deletes the specified tags from a cloudwatch account cli example: .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  deletes   tags
truth:  add   add

test:  sets the current widget .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  validates whether the value contains a nofollow entry .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  define   null

test:  a script so that it gets stored correctly .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  null   notification
truth:  null   level

test:  link to the issue in the issue order .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  to   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  output   new
truth:  define   new

test:  get a horizontal .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  has   apply
truth:  null   null

test:  test database with port missing key .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  ensure   issue
truth:  null   database

test:  make a boto api response .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  returns   host
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create keyring keyring keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the url to use for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the client spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds some commented to a response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  add   add
truth:  caching   set

test:  a node - a boolean indicating if the node is eligible for eligible .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the unfulfilled gating for the given package and params .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the ca ca ca ca certs from the path to the path .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  retrieve   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  compute adjacency within distances in a distance matrix .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime object to a unix datetime object .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  display   a

test:  compute diag(d) loss as by the [{"doctype": of the earths .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  compute   data
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  sample from cartesian to convert an integer to the given expression .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  a decorator for methods that accept if they were run .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  removes files that will be deleted on the filesystem .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds the first tree to a tree of n the connected postorder .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  sets a database for all database sqlite .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a context manager for locking an instance of a file .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a basic example that is a little more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   room
truth:  null   a

test:  ensure that the stack is not not not passed as an instance of a stack .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   undo
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save image to disk cli example: .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  showing   null

test:  make sure that the runner parameter override the given attribute has been stripped .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold implementation based on yens method .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  generate tests to use for tests .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  mark   os
truth:  print   print

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated method is an instance of a given method .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  returns an image object from a string .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  select   a
truth:  return   info

test:  the genelatex genelatex drops command line body .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  null   a
truth:  latex   latex

test:  ensure that the cookies list is changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds the loops to the different adatetime adatetime .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  calculate   checks
truth:  takes   a

test:  a function that exists for testing purposes .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  replace none with an empty string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  determines if a x509 certificate exists .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to put the host system in a vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a optdict value for option of type name .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update a protected record .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete page .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  nltk/ is a dictionary from the hosts object .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  color   a
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  pack a dictionary of global sources into a string .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  list   list

test:  fit a single bit using the cpp model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  constrained   confusion
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize the spider log for use by default .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct the contents of a matrix in one iterable of three probability .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  obtains   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  install a test with a shared app .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  null   a
truth:  point   point

test:  get the specified policy document for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a datetime object to a date string .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator to make sure the user is not a driver .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a new channel for google storage api .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run the javascript tests in the console .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  appends   install
truth:  run   run

test:  return the default help help formatter for cli example: .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  construct   ip
truth:  default   default

test:  set current disk profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  settings   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a file name to a relative file name .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  file   statistics
truth:  convert   a

test:  simple simple simple simple example from extras .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  convert a document to ram .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  remove   build
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  display all rules in the current working directory .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   strategy

test:  check that no arguments are used as a process .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  handle   chain

test:  align a sequence of elements .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  null   add
truth:  given   multiple

test:  looks up an email for the specified user .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  based on regex .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | float .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   encodes
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  resultant   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  convert any simple key=value or special characters back into a dictionary .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  this function is used to calculate the central diff for a model parameters np : ndarray the transformed diff : int .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   weights

test:  obtain a star with relation parameters .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with the given secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  encrypt   decrypt
truth:  null   null

test:  get list of list alist alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is installed .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array of items that correspond to the selected tree of the given tree .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  plot a single plot of a given distribution .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the absolute image of a file .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  given an ols .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  create a display image display for the given criteria .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a setuptools in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a contents to a given port and writes it to it .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  create   a
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a formset for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  converts a from a string into a valid long integer .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  replaces transcripts from a list with a multi-dim message .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a file: url to a local url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  clears the registry .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  destroy the given mouse record .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  replaces the script that follows storing in a single argument .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  command   command

test:  converts a string to a bitlist array .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  transform   transform

test:  decorator for retrying methods that are installing from another cache .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  makes   a

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   external_declaration
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  convert a scipy .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  null   reset
truth:  returns   a

test:  join a list of tensors to a single string .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  join   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a date .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   compatibility
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a list of true if true .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  list   return
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  monkey-patch settings for kwarg in the settings file .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implement the number of chunks in the index of a single index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  locates   remove
truth:  formats   formats

test:  initiate a request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  null   request
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit a new user with an account .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   media

test:  elementwise natural cosine function .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  null   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  tell worker(s) to modify the state of a task by adding a task .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  tell   file
truth:  terminate   task

test:  if the type is a a class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   type

test:  runs a python function as being a unittest .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  run   attribute
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of objects .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return the underlying probability space s .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  make   products
truth:  expr   expr

test:  ensures that the exploration from an exploration model with a list of versioned state .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes list and merge none values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  entry point to the command line .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve the hostname from iis .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  force   null
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function to actually bootstrap random integers .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  draw   add
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  the smallest integer k such that the requests inversion .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password of a named user cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  configure   change
truth:  reset   a

test:  returns a list of paths to all the files found in the given path .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label hosts .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  perform   hosts
truth:  add   multiple

test:  check for password in use with a password for other users home directory .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of parents for the given alias and select the parent alias for the given alias with the given alias .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an index to a three dataframe code .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   letter
truth:  to   index

test:  register a new user .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   null
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  convert utf-8 string to binary string .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the minimum clique complement of g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions in the tree starting at the accepted action .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  null   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bitbucket execute bitbucket on bitbucket .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   openstack
truth:  null   null

test:  a helper function to descend the keys in a dictionary .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points from the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  saves a form to the preferred object .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  dumps   set
truth:  save   a

test:  read the last input production file with the given content_type .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  file   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  compute   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  get the output from the device .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  simple function to get the lowest document .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  module   a
truth:  null   negation

test:  convert from conjunctive to conjunctive name .
truth: as above . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new endpoint of a specific endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  create   create
truth:  insert   a

test:  performs a non-existent non-existent on the configuration file .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  helper method for subclasses of an integer value .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all zones for a tenant cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  gets the keys of a complex key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  to   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given an http redirect to the routes and the routes .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all available modules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   null

test:  get the tolerance type .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  find   image
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  check if a csr is valid .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   port
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture which provides a fake tabbed-browser stub for the application .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset in cell magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loads rounding on powers .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   country
truth:  patch   patch

test:  determines whether a gdb name exists in a system path .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  to   undo
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if writer is writeable .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   policy

test:  return a string describing the alias offset .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  get a list of packets that can be sent to a single image .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the dhcp options exists in the current user and return if the vpc exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   dhcp
truth:  if   check

test:  returns cleaned escape characters in groups without quoting it .
truth: from url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  url   url

test:  dynamically add packages .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  finds   runs
truth:  updates   packages

test:  return the contents of the text of the file contained in the path .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  if   text
truth:  string   string

test:  given a function api name returns {deleted: true} if the api was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if the api was not deleted .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   null
truth:  running   running

test:  return the number of a precision .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  to   value
truth:  filter   filter

test:  retrieve and return the contents of a text file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  create   return
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the current movie handler object .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this takes a single argument that can be run over optionally optionally other statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  make a template resource definitions for implementation of resource definitions .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is the stop version of a boolean .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   replace
truth:  remove   a

test:  helper function that returns the default model class .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  find   get
truth:  given   a

test:  helper to specify a method to raise a nested exception .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  function   request
truth:  give   null

test:  resets the state of a revision .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  decorator that checks if the user has a view .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  print a list of trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  displays   list
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns true if the query is websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  if   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  print list of subdirectories subdirectories .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   list
truth:  list   list

test:  the main function this either launches the module .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  collect   program
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling pool pooling .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  try to determine if a module is a relative module name .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns options for the current user .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   name
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   windows
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a temporary package with the given package .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  list   dictloader
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handles the salt cloud storage .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  refresh   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  create a numpy array with the given size and size .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  ignore the given path with any ignored patterns that are ignored .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  ignore   null
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows data based on the string .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  create a style library .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  extracts the url corresponding to python domain object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute polynomial of f and power of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   division
truth:  construct   a

test:  make sure that version is not installed .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  null   use
truth:  test   test

test:  second part of the remainder remainder in the second kind .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  null   part

test:  create a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  return   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add users to the user .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   user
truth:  add   user

test:  given a username or email .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  append the current release_id version of the autoregressive in the background .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  return   patch
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate plugins to the context passed as deprecated .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  scan   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  returns a random integer value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  on windows .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  helper function to produce an http server .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  retry   retry
truth:  function   function

test:  return the current socket object returns: str: set of compiles socket .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the of of the package .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a maildir stored on an executable .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  null   add
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a record format to fits format spec .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   objects
truth:  record   record

test:  function to find a responder and return the responder object .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  tests if it will have remains .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the dummy config spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a string with one of the characters replaced by the given error .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to deny as long as the csrf doesnt already have that its response variable across a csrf
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   function
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns a timedelta of seconds from the given system .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  converts   seconds
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  replaces the system in b with the given b .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a copy of the signature and the params dict .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the values of an array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   function
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  return the user name .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   username
truth:  return   return

test:  look up and private oauth user for the user .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the same memory under x .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  null   processor
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadata-schema namespace and raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  resource widgets for use in a resource .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  return   a

test:  modifies a view function so that its response has the same parameters .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the group module if the kernel is sunos .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   work
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a string of the steps into a tuple .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  draw a **kwargs pair to a file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  converts the input into a string .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator to generate ensures that the wrapped function is automatically run .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get filename to check if platform is running on this platform .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  play a positive activity loop to a given threads .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  returns   timeseries
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the selected cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  compute   real
truth:  return   discrete

test:  find the dailymotion videos .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  send emails to inform observers about the email .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  email   email
truth:  given   a

test:  set the connection info url for the registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   information
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs about the projects summary .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  like   like

test:  collects all the files in the given document and return the list of files found in the given path .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  return   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  test whether a resource is available for inclusion in the test .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test get_version() when invalid version is invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  factory for all parameters that are enocean vars .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  null   query
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter the md5 checksum of a song .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  calculates   number
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate a new hashing import .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  insert : rule | qliteral | qliteral .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean out the component of source component .
truth: clean component . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  clean   component

test:  given the given headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   headers
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns the current url for the given site .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   return

test:  return a set of packages to the current directory .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create and then execute text .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  start   create
truth:  empty   trash

test:  a simple wrapper for the ssh method .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  give   path
truth:  func   func

test:  tests the suggestion matches a review suggestion on a valid suggestion .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a pandas singleton singleton to a python dictionary .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  transforms   function
truth:  convert   python

test:  deletes a new document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  create   create
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse markup and get draft content .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively traverse a path in files and all files in the given path .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  take   generator
truth:  walk   null

test:  test calc_footprint without distortion .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the values in the given list .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the list of completions in the did for all completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   run
truth:  update   update

test:  expand an attribute with a constant attribute .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  expands   a
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  pull the given vhost .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  is   input

test:  generate an instance of stochastic backend to allocate stochastic backend : times stochastic backend : how to use to update stochastic number of stochastic stochastic default values : per stochastic
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  write   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a list of file data in a directory .
truth: by default . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  default   default

test:  escapes the first variable passed in a list .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  removes the given security group from the instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  converts a mac address in graph6 format into its eui64 .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb numbering and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import a module from a module to load a module .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  module   a
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  register   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  test prefilter validation .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  registers the output to show to fallback for event loop .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  register   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  explicitly release an interface with a device .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   claim
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure a stonith stonith stonith is present on a node with a given stonith running stonith on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  indices   email
truth:  ensure   null

test:  displays all registered child actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  reset   details
truth:  start   start

test:  returns true if the first matrix is a hermitian matrix .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for inverse logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier multiplier multiplier the output of output .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  logarithmic   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  split   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  enable the named service to disabled name the services to start on boot .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  async version of a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure that whitespace is ignored before the number of column names .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   test
truth:  null   readers

test:  does dask .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes string value to json and encodes it using base64 .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serializes   encode
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into one .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  checks if item is a proper mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the value in a dataset of a given comment .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  write a message to the log file .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  print   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  check for the directory where we only have a restricted environment .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   entry
truth:  accept   accept

test:  checks to see if a keyspace exists in the keyspace .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  entries   check
truth:  if   check

test:  yield pairs from a nested dictionary .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  vanilla about the plugins directories .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of partitions to represent the partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  function   string
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  returns the path to the closest closest if it should be resolved .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  inspect the current error handler to get an stored error .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  null   error
truth:  print   a

test:  determine the type of a given type .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  color   color

test:  renders the links in the event tree .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test a unique join join between nodes in a __init__ node .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  helpful for a bug type .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   information

test:  reorders the logger for the logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  return a list of links to be handled .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql server is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  -   check
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we get compile correctly when the host is compile .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  r^2 -> int return the multivariate harmonic function of x .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the hint from prediction of a 3d image .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns the config options for the git checkout .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the day summary of the function .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  returns a function that can be used to mark a test on a html in a html mode .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  refine a string .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  =   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which are allowed to call a method with a cached item in the cached thread .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  helper to create a new server and port on the server .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the value of the the ismaster constraints is supported by the except for the received message .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  make   null

test:  get the numberofbezierpoints .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the path of a test key .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  function to ensure the main object are managed .
truth: main loop . 
test:  wait   section
truth:  loop   loop

test:  create an api request object with the given retries request object .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   execution
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   metadata
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  returns the template for a file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  create   a
truth:  require   a

test:  compute the number of f(s) in the frame .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   count
truth:  computes   null

test:  downgrade bytestrings .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  create   create
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  check if the "code or all nictag exists cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  differentiate   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  clean up the machine .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  include   python
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a filename to a valid path name .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  make   a

test:  update commands cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  update   update

test:  attach a task into a string .
truth: main program . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal icosahedral graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a query string into a list of flag arguments .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  control   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve email address for a given user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  returns   email
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over all the tests that use a given test .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detect imports .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  finds   import
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  each md5 matrix in the flattened form .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  construct   function
truth:  return   a

test:  i/o partitions from a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  partitions   image
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  returns an application token that can be passed to the applications database .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  loads   function
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  merge the given volume on all volumes that are valid volumes .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a group of the specified name .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   group
truth:  creates   group

test:  read epochs as epochs .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   init
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a send task report for an email report .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return the first romberg romberg matrix to b .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a context manager for the given cluster .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  return the name of the file without the extension .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  find   content
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if the function is a tar structure that is small enough structure .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   inequality
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords features .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a string is a valid dns number .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  attempts to determine if a given host is a tuple .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  given   nms
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return the name of a locale based on the request .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   name
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  display a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  null   pillar
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the them in timeout .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scales all images for the given image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  walk a directory tree .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  walk   iterator
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get the lineage of an block of values from the block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  a tuple in the wsgi application .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the default deadline deadline deadline if the thread was not from the thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty version .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to decide which should be used for methods to run a function to dump if the function is not implemented .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the current time as a string .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  time   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  allow for inverse of the samples compared to the datetimes parameters obj : dataframe .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  returns a password digest string .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  attempt to connect to amazon retrive :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  send advance command .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace or raise if namespace or dat .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the authority of running ssh command .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   a

test:  checks if the given list is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server stops before a reload .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  find one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  current change the default name cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  find the result suite for a given tag .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  find   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  attempt to determine which key is not stored in a specific config .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  set   check
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles for policy .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   works
truth:  list   list

test:  list all installed installed extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules in the same way as directory .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a set of all the members .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  null   return
truth:  set   set

test:  encode a string using base64 .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a shell command on docker switch .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  polygon   run
truth:  to   prefix

test:  return the current request instance .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  unwraps an topic prior to a points in a connection .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert a list of apiview to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  list   list

test:  lead field meg for a volumes products using a series of integers .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   value
truth:  null   field

test:  single module view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  run a function with a key_field: kwargs .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  run   null
truth:  command   command

test:  handle 500 .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  place   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert a polynomial to an integer .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns a tuple of out an object .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quotas linear unit vector down the image components .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  null   print
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check that the field of the curve for curve with curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  search for all matches in a string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  find   a
truth:  search   search

test:  returns an array of the data corresponding to the given axis .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  trims   null

test:  returns the results of the enocean markov for implementation with one of the given states .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the root mean squared error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  converts a hash value to a string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the date on which the page has changed .
truth: display the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  write a string table to a file .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  shows the flat page at which measurement measurement -- i .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  add   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  create a file with one or more data .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   queries
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to the global_config with an ldap routine .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  create a new chacha20 cipher .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  * : test .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   const_value
truth:  null   null

test:  clears any existing dag dag .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check whether the object is an instance of obj and if its not a tuple .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  check   check
truth:  get   arguments

test:  return a copy of the string passed to str .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a tuple of the nodes in a tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  walk   tree

test:  stochastic reading a dataset .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  get the user id .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  to   github
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package which defines a package with a package .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  retrieves the application indexes and their datastore indexes .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test module gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  run   print
truth:  test   test

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of bits .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function for creating a compiler tag for a defined node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh and refresh inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  refresh   configuration
truth:  null   null

test:  download a file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   one
truth:  download   api

test:  load an global cache file .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the mnist config isnt available .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   rest
truth:  null   rest

test:  wrapper to make a function that returns either a datetime or its appropriate string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  replace   like
truth:  string   string

test:  extract a block device mapping from the provided image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper decorator to add a level to a function .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  decorates   decorator
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable service to start on boot .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  a simple way to generate a datetime for a year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  returns   metric
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the response to a translator header .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  get   crud
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a list of issues to a dictionary of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  provides a context object with enough data .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  collect all files in a given directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  get   null
truth:  yield   elements

test:  create a new collection .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  process   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function enforces non-null value for keypairs type .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  split   duplicate
truth:  adds   function

test:  decorator which can be used from wrap a function in a single argument .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser --> user .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   host
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the test configuration file for the test .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configure   create
truth:  logging   logging

test:  send a soft to the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   returns
truth:  send   a

test:  solves the equation x_{1}^e + x_{2}^2 + .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  create and return the modules from the desktop list .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  return   function
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  extract input headers to turn it into the sqlite headers .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  use   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns the ip address for an entry .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if the splunk module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter network device .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  need   commit
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  make a string after most of the currently checked .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return path to executable in the executable for other .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   os
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   running
truth:  running   running

test:  check to see if the service tags are available .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  utility function for creating a floating point number .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of writeable data for a given cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  default   reference
truth:  return   a

test:  return rotation but not import of the given shape .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  the reader accuracy for training test .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  train   null
truth:  load   load

test:  try to get the global language from system .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  if   language
truth:  to   try

test:  compile a python group pattern .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compile   adjust
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check that the given list of lists of list1 tuples are same .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of disks that have been wipe .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  list   null
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new repository on the given source .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the first word value .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  simulates a job of testing that implements the job queue .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  finds   keyboard
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns the calculated file for a margin and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes a scheduled plugin from the device .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  when the startup startup .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  change   a

test:  creates a column-matrix shape where x can be interpreted as an array .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  creates   encoding
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  callback for doc-building .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  to   null
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses the sample id from the eip into a 3d line .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   tree
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  send an email with a pdp request .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  object   null
truth:  request   request

test:  modelines the gradient of the scalar frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   return
truth:  join   path

test:  test simple example of eliot deadlocks .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  creates and returns json string .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract the http link from the header in the http response .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   link
truth:  extract   links

test:  print a list of tuples .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  print   wrapper
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  load ip addresses from ip addresses and return .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get a connection to the mysql connection or the most recent connection .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the git fetch of the git fetch the git fetch .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  list   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check to see if mac is present on the system .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  command   null
truth:  null   null

test:  change the current thread name to use .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test to indicate that we can run a multi-line of controls .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  null   github
truth:  is   null

test:  imports the given file from the given file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   content
truth:  content   content

test:  ensure the bounded for a bounded instance with a bounded in the case .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  decodes   like
truth:  need   need

test:  update an service if the named service is disabled .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  converts an xml string into a profilesfeed object .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  unload ipython .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unload   unload

test:  helper to avoid referencing group rule .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  null   get
truth:  rules   rules

test:  plot influence from the device .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write a file named sources .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test fit a fit fit the bound bound constraints .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list all call the configured instance .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  required   command
truth:  set   up

test:  return the number of groups that are present in the string .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup test test environment for test .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  ensure   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  find a line in a findloadednames object in a python element .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  return   in
truth:  find   find

test:  return a random shear from an image .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  performs   a

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  run a synchronous query w/ all the items in a query .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   operation
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add volumes to the database .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: svn-tags publish builds with chain results requires the jenkins build plugin :jenkins-wiki:summary .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   program
truth:  atom   atom

test:  counts the number of paragraphs that are main .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  splits   counts
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a tuple of redirect redirect to the given language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  if   returns

test:  recursively resolves the given object and all the internals .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  resolve   null

test:  persist a user id and a backend to decrypt the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  default   null
truth:  persist   a

test:  create a string to write all contents of the docker-compose file for the specified port .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a cloudpipe .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the test filename for a test file .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the max id of corpus in the given document .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  update the hpi module decorator to extraction_path .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  parses global configuration .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a hash of the contents of a given object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  generate   object
truth:  get   md5

test:  register all children of the connected events in the given pull with the given pull .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  queries   loop
truth:  receive   messages

test:  this function checks if this function is marked as a debug value for lists of the same limits .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  validate   function
truth:  given   a

test:  sets the descriptive size of a partd .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  given   set
truth:  set   set

test:  enables from the unsets system .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  determines whether all the server needs to be created .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  start   start
truth:  trigger   a

test:  clip the value to the appropriate result of a value .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  repeats   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the type string .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to check all the current messages in the given context .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  null   check
truth:  to   decorator

test:  indent the given line with a single line .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  expand   return
truth:  return   return

test:  view tweets for statistics of user .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  view   djangos
truth:  display   users

test:  ipv4 address - returns the appropriate ipv4 address for a string of ip address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   match
truth:  match   match

test:  registers a function to register a single functions .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   controller
truth:  function   function

test:  compute :meth:i18n and weights of the incomplete cdf of a and a1 negative value .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   symbol

test:  retrieve the info method object corresponding to a remote method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   authentication
truth:  remote   remote

test:  for testing .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of subscriber emails to maintain datastore that have not been subscriber .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  null   version

test:  parse a string like <ctrl-x> .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new heatmap instance .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  minimize the function of a relationships variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  color   a
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that django settings are django processors processors .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  project   project

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   country
truth:  default   default

test:  download the db record in a response .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   unpack
truth:  download   download

test:  returns true if version ends with a valid version string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse the kinds and get the numbers numbers .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the mac address as appropriate for python module .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  creates a dictionary from dictionary .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the cut size of the graph between two node sets and boundary .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a jinja environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  list   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get the uuid config file name .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert string to a value .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  try to set the value of a given table .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  like   try
truth:  to   try

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  takes   null

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  surport is the empty string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given an moments id and an ec2 url .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  predicate   socket
truth:  return   return

test:  extract data from subrois headers .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as a packed packed integer .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  counts the list of star .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the index of the hypervolume of a given axis .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string representing a number .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  set a user in a subscription .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  tries to figure out the right version for use in the test .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  determine   try
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test integer part of filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   image
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure that the transformation of the right works with 0 elements .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  repeat   check
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   return
truth:  see   null

test:  return the signature name as a string .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  generates a vertices of polygon for given method of a polygon object .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a unicode string to hex escape characters .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  given a virtual machine content from vm and returns an absolute object .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  fetch   function
truth:  use   use

test:  set up the "list" .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  setup   features
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  creates a log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a certificate from the given certificate name the certificate to be removed based on the certificate to the certificate to the certificate .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  add any content methods to the given methods .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  null   method
truth:  add   add

test:  require a evil_member language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   pillar
truth:  require   null

test:  shifted func to apply command-line arguments within a given function .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  connect to the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  plot ccpr results in a point .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  add a non-empty url to a function .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  adds   role
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test the directory .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  retrieve   case
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the schemas list is sane .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  import   import

test:  generate the integer grid .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generate   class
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  check   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return processes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  processes   processes

test:  find the path to the given database .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a given status is passing .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  checks if the address is an address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  returns   inverse
truth:  return   return

test:  any decorator that quits input is a stack .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  install   test
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a list of all assigned to an admin user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   view
truth:  list   list

test:  recursively list all the environment definitions in the given environment .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the $home of the model is set .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  find   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether the given title is a valid title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  check   add
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   return
truth:  query   query

test:  helper function to format the platform string in a previous string .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  -   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a random id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the gp_generation function outputs a fixed pipeline will be created for a given optimized .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for multiply .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list into a list of arguments .
truth: take a token . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of ntp peers configured on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns list with bounds s .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read bti pdf matrix from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   namespace
truth:  read   64bit

test:  handles prereg and registrations page for user .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  get   interface
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent a string by spaces .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  parses the given chromosome .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save a list of tuples to a temporary file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a utility function to perform a watch watch .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  create   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  list all containers .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a datastore key list to a datastore path .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  alternative implementation of the goodness of the genes at x < the location of the angle of the destination is imposed .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  null   kernel
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert strings to strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  assumes the two individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  function   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method will updates cart with shoppingcart or shoppingcart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  pending   request
truth:  create   create

test:  return the ip address in the given address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a model extension class with a percentage extension .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the footer email as a footer .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  gets   gcd
truth:  append   a

test:  returns the correct column of a given function .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  construct   get
truth:  lookup   a

test:  the signal-to-noise ratio of the dataset .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the 3-regular house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  does this node have been least the line of the given node .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tristar pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   star

test:  switch frappe development processes to master and erpnext .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  processes   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  retrieve the spider loader for a specific spider .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  get   get

test:  temporarily clear a config item .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  like tornado but decodes and integer values from a single varint value .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  pass   windows
truth:  encode   a

test:  returns an xml document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  check   check

test:  validates string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   function

test:  the oids select select select select values in the dictionary .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  extracts   wsgi
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns an ordereddict that maps all subsection and subsection to a given subsection .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a: a 4d theano tensor b: a theano matrix returns the values of a and mul .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob from google cloud encryption bucket .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  helper to convert a --version to a python source file .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a segment .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  restart   function
truth:  return   a

test:  accesses a message for testing purposes .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  defining   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  helper function to get a batch of the user entry from the given caller .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  open   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  register a new mouse 'pox' .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  function   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  parse the output of a given path and extract the optional xml as a list of dictionaries .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  uninstalls   view
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the points in a rational rational number of polynomials .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  a no-op migration for marking the grizzly release cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  return the cycles of a particular network or a tuple .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  serve static main page .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  matches   null
truth:  display   display

test:  function to find a smartos in bytes from the master .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  set the value of the value and save it to the page .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  returns the comment comment comment used for a deprecation comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  authenticate   return
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  check   check
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that the contents of a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator which do not running process if its running in the function will also call the function with the given pid .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the hash of a file in a given directory .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  run windows only on windows .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tf-feature of two numbers .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the name in system is a alive pattern .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  if   process
truth:  name   name

test:  change user and group it .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  backup   overrides
truth:  patch   patch

test:  remove all user_ids belonging to a given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  run   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test creating a model with arguments in the current model .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator to ensure that the user is logged in authentication .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a telnetlib cmdline needed for converting a socket .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  if   use
truth:  return   a

test:  concatenate nested vector or subsection objects .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the intersection of a given api .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  get   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  computes the exploration summary of the given summary of modules and version .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a string of the elements .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parses   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  s   a
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  delete a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  sets a profile image for a given image and upload the profile .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  sets   check
truth:  null   api

test:  split a string and whitespace and return a list of comma .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  like   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  get the start command to run the user for the given command .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  run the named console plan and check if any of the artifacts are built .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  block   create
truth:  run   example

test:  test url when a local path is an os path .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   url
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the keystone user is absent name the name of the host to remove host the host of the host to remove .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  wait for a function to run the specified timeout .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation build .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   page
truth:  returns   a

test:  given one or more spider strings .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   wrapper
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether the specified service is installed cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  open   open

test:  pull translated strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  source   source

test:  gets the number for a specific region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate the checksum for a given string .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  calculates   null

test:  a generator that removes all spaces in a given text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a time string .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  see   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  loads out the remote token to appropriate remote token .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a list of individual elements from a list of axes .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  compute   calls
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing a column in fill_values should only replace matching columns .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the certificate flow redirect to a particular order .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  verifies   get
truth:  if   check

test:  parses a set-like header into a tuple with the content type and the appropriate one .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   convert
truth:  parses   parses

test:  compute the balanced accuracy of the vector n .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  mean   compute
truth:  default   default

test:  returns true if string is a unicode string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts nt arguments in batches to consumed .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  input   attempt
truth:  convert   nt

test:  chain chain names for given id or used as a list of names .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new shared shape with no broadcastable dimensions .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even if the collection of collection errors are set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the mapper name of an object .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  this method will check if the user has cart or is enabled .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  ensure a folder is present .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the current status is a mutating status .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a pd .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the matrix in the list .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  perform cone file on fasta file or pil file .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   method

test:  compute the log moment moments for each volume .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that the datasets and desired relevant relevant to the given cluster .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 uuid of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  a function that helps one or more urls to check if the urls are one or more types .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  register a friendly task for use by the replies module .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  null   return
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture to set a topic post .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the firetv platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  convert a sequence of id to seqs .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  convert dask array integer number to a dask array parameters num : 1d array .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  return   num

test:  a function to check if the server health config has a given monitor .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method for tests the given argument .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  generate   a

test:  benchmark that the different configuration duration of a dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator that skip test if a given function is raised .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  runs a user .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  flask   user
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  model update steps are filtered in the scenario .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  null   content
truth:  are   models

test:  returns a form for a given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  returns a list of all available status of the current process .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop sql sql statements for the given reset .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a installed app .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  loads   decodes
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that globals .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  to   like
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator to ensure that the decorated function is called .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  null   validation
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  null   eip
truth:  null   vpc

test:  check that invalid operands gives invalid values .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  given a user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  adds   attribute
truth:  add   user

test:  the kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the event for a given request .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  to   null
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  standard signal hook to support our test failure! .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see responses .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a parent .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get status counts by a fixed group groups .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  return   request
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  array   encodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  lettuce before running the "harvest" will run with error .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  are   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  calculate the p-th variance for the given parameters .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   loss
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse perpendicular perpendicular from fips .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  process   load
truth:  loads   data

test:  returns static files in a static file .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random sentence-like string .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  create   encodes
truth:  fake   version

test:  compute the williams of the nodes in the bipartite dynamical system .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  registers hosting service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   a

test:  the linear system function .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  view handler for internalerror .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   download
truth:  null   a

test:  find the first element in a list and find its regex .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  using   null

test:  clears the user info cookie from der-encoded to less than or related .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  given a list of objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  returns   ids
truth:  objects   objects

test:  converts label to a tuple .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function is used to create a report for use by the loader .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run a single test .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  code   code

test:  writes a stream on the specified colors in the current file and writes the current block to the current location .
truth: like write . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to a campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  build   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  open a given log file in a given directory .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  open   open

test:  instantiates a warning markdown .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of a path .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds posts to the context for use in ~/ .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  error   route
truth:  null   null

test:  wait until the function has true .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  calculates outer uuid blocks from a string .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  generate   uuid
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup pid of the pid file .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  config   register
truth:  create   a

test:  return a function that can be used to leaves a leaf .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the time of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of disk devices cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   information
truth:  report   report

test:  given a list of ngram agree .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  setup   add
truth:  null   null

test:  the list of tuples and then use to check if the request is provided .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  check   group
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a set item .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  constructs a number formatted according to the given number of locale .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  selects   results
truth:  formats   a

test:  to suspend off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   snapshots
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  compute a servicenow exactly exactly containers .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  download   containers
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the state of the running state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  module   guess
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   js
truth:  get   a

test:  get the game stats for games and plot .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  null   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns a list of ipv4 bits that are belonging to the ipv6 address .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  block   calls
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the function used for the duration of a function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  render a template .
truth: render config template . 
test:  template   a
truth:  config   config

test:  returns the module thats calling function .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  suggest secrets for use in a well-formed .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  computes   info
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib id for the release file .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the template limit .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  if   null
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test a decimal formatted function .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders which are created by the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  build an instance from a wire instance .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  build   build

test:  serve protected .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  gather   a
truth:  protected   null

test:  fill in the django file name .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  if   filenames
truth:  function   function

test:  you can pass through psycho and dump all the psycho psycho .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  displays   starting
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a style element to a queue entry .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  prints   update
truth:  converts   entry

test:  return the url to a file .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  asserts   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  sets default permissions for all trunk events .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluate python iosync on b .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluates   return
truth:  if   null

test:  check if segment exists .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  list   data
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  train the gradient of a gradient model .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  training   x11
truth:  do   one

test:  find a mime_type type in the given mime type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  split   mime

test:  creates a new http options .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return volumes that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   volumes
truth:  return   backups

test:  the pdf of the frequency distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  null   pass
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  ensure that the given version is available .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  raises   versions
truth:  set   a

test:  reset the database section 9 .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  executes   null

test:  make a blockdevicedeployer case for a efficiently test on a threadpool .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  providing   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of the hypervisors locations that are on the provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  slope relu implementation .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  elementwise   function
truth:  rectified   null

test:  given an image description .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update the host password for the specified host or list of host_names .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  copy data and all stat info .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the currently active reporter instance currently being used as a tuple of the current thread .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format money amount according to current locale settings .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   redirects
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli cli portion that this method .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  down-sample n-dimensional image - calculate the logical mapping of image parameters image : array-like input image to be converted to a given image .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  calculate   image
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the cached requirements for a "axis" file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add the list to the list of paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   add
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a key from a protobuf path .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  decorator which causes its input to an issuing .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  find the bose returns implementation .
truth: print returns . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format the files which can be removed from the oauth system .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  if   test

test:  makes a dict of all the keys of a given key .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  function   create
truth:  return   return

test:  split a url or its path .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updates the obvious metadata .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   widgets
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents and negative signs .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load a list of certificates .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  raises   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of string meant to use for the given language .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  does   null

test:  a decorator that parses a date as a deferred timeout .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for notification handler .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  compute the normalized mutual info between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  replace given given indicating string with given filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  null   a
truth:  write   version

test:  helper function for migrate pot field or shuts .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  test   calculate
truth:  do   null

test:  return a list of strings that are strings from getnextfiles .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  return   completion
truth:  returns   a

test:  disassociate eip to bogus .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  simulates a callback to the answer query for a single request .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  list   a
truth:  use   use

test:  efficiently find the first kind of f and q .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   series
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the bound for a sample .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  value   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: build-discarder set files for the project .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a list of command line interfaces .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  list   list
truth:  gets   null

test:  groupmeans -> str hex-encodes a string .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  returns   kernel
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tag .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the visible score function of equal .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  is   create
truth:  compares   null

test:  gethostbyname -> host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a list of items that are available for the specified service instance .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  get   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  return a string describing a scheme .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  elementwise sign of inputs .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  elementwise   n
truth:  return   return

test:  run gui tests for a column .
truth: gui test . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   vm
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a floatingip floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns the recurring component of the most recently component .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  array   a
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes a floatingip floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the information for the specified instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   details

test:  check if a particular point is available .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parser class by name .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the python data stream depending on the reactor .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  function   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a group array from an integer type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  returns   group
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of tuples of all example available for the given package .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   return
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a unique version of filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a class path such as android path .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  function   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  extends sample table to a different sample metadata this is a intervals function is a list of samples from the sample metadata sample samples samples part of samples samples directly
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  returns   otu
truth:  make   n

test:  build a list of target files for the given target .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a user to the specified password cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure string is utf8 .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single query .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a new user on the given email .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   group
truth:  creates   a

test:  cache a cache group with a security group to a user .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  adds   network
truth:  authorize   network

test:  stack tool records to a single tool tool .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  format   nothing
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort a list of dicts that sometimes the name of keyword objects .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns a formatted datetime object with the current time .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   timezone

test:  x is a n*m matrix .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  null   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a migration in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  serializing   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: gatling execute gatling plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   color
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the yeelight bulbs .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all backups .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns ip address from the request object .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ip   ip

test:  decorator to serialize an pickleable object from the pickle meta .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  to   object
truth:  get   get

test:  return a secure dump of temporary files which are unique .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns whether the course needs to be a required survey for a course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escapes the html string so that it can be used within a signal .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  format   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  skip a chunk of whitespace in the list .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  lettuce   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  a no-op test function for the routines that do not return compute the old test .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  to   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a dict of the best available instance from the given zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  get   return
truth:  compares   null

test:  runs and end contributors with contributors .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  default   session
truth:  null   contributors

test:  generate an integer or integers for the given number of values .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  start   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  orders page: display all objects .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   null
truth:  index   index

test:  list the installed virtual environment_ names .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   package
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  clean   up

test:  view to movie movie and handles the user .
truth: log out . 
test:  control   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  release media list item from media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  index   index

test:  creates a row-matrix array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  repeats   return
truth:  array   array

test:  returns whether the request has a http role .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  if   check
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given database is absent name the name of the database to remove name of the database to be performed name of the database to create .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review members for a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  checks if the current interface exists on the given interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  create   return
truth:  to   checks

test:  close the http client and options .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  create a useful useful to show help help help .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  -   prints
truth:  print   information

test:  returns the google_calendar_devices formats for a single resource formats .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that a column of issues can be added to a closed warning .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  coerce object to a unix timestamp .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   object
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the log driver object for the given rackspace rackspace .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  look   get
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the module that has been set .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  insert multiple sequences into one with the given sequence .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  handle   picks
truth:  value   value

test:  given a fasta dictionary .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  list   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return the package info from the given package name .
truth: return package info . 
test:  if   information
truth:  package   package

test:  return a list of unique variables with any given variables removed .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  attribute   add
truth:  gives   null

test:  deprecated use for auth .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  set   up

test:  setsubtensor -> sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   optimization
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   a
truth:  time   time

test:  display whether sleep button is on power button or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "restart on power failure" settings :rtype: string cli example: .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  run one or more commands if more than commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  force   args
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create a higher instance up configuration in the file .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a python command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate a url at which a request token .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loads the check class from the check .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  load   attempt
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator that checks the wrapped function to see if the given object are supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  attribute on all the pending lookups lookups .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  receives   connect
truth:  handle   handle

test:  retrieve a context dict for current request .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get the version of the server .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   version

test:  find the current window for the current event .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of keys of keys .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  helper function to format a timestamp string .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   rfc
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  call func with a function given arguments .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks a lists as a dictionary with a given type and returns the values for passing to types .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  return a list of all keywords found in the package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  null   null
truth:  place   place

test:  check for todo() not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke a cache ingress from a security group to a specific security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   network
truth:  revoke   network

test:  error the keys and errors that will not count the given occurred .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  error   install
truth:  null   something

test:  determines whether the user can access to the given request .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns rank of ros group for ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  returns   bind
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the cookiecutter is not a cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  enforce   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current line number within a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a computenode from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the vdi of the vdi that will be used to vdi .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  returns equation .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  checks if disk is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  test %reset stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   test
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  try to convert sqlite back to a stream format .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  turn   multiplication
truth:  null   lhs

test:  make sure that we can read a sorted delimiter .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  swap   table
truth:  test   failure

test:  get a dataset class .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  serves a node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the description for a number in a given region .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts list of strings to bytestrings .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  execute sql execute a database .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  null   message
truth:  execute   null

test:  generates a colors from the given number .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  return   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  parse and return the parameters from a malformed url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   url
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the criteria for the server .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   monitor
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce time to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convenience function works on string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  if   function
truth:  if   check

test:  create a namespace object for the given format .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  get   return
truth:  string   string

test:  basic audio-power filter are clicked and less struct_time events .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  lits network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   resource
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as a packed network packed integer .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  returns an instance of :class:sessionstore from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  store   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test the results of an existing socket .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   metadata
truth:  test   test

test:  orderline -> x .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the top level files extensions for this module .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get vector3 from radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a hash of the given token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  hash   a

test:  create a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the commit data as a given repository .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  return   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of modules for all the test tests .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  find   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the version of the commit controller .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  remove availability for a given user .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns a string that can be converted to a single string .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   individual
truth:  test   core

test:  returns the index of x corresponding to the y distribution .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  salt token .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  return   session
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a file from parsed upload .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  load   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  look up the backup metadata for a backup .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the request level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  adds   a

test:  return the weeks of the weeks function .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches a single message from the datastore .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  factory for a perceptron settings from one or more of the objects excluded .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  given a string .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  tests must be ready if they are not documented in complete .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  find   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  rename a lineage lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  renames   virtual
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test with connecting and print the size of a stack .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   a
truth:  bind   bind

test:  converts from nmap_limits to protocol format .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  convert   index
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  we have a function to check if we can refer to the class .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream or string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  print a list of layout instances .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  generate a json json role for the given role .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a vlan exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  edit a config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  collect   list
truth:  writes   null

test:  generates the configuration .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   details
truth:  return   a

test:  checks the python source file is in this markdown .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   import

test:  create a workflow in a given repository body .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  calculates the value of the symmetric symbol .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reads a status file .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   options
truth:  return   return

test:  set the current filter to filter the list of strings .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  by default .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  read   read

test:  return whether val represents a valid uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   validation

test:  parses a string as a boolean value .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary with the keys of the master keys cli example: .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  explode   null

test:  retrieve a specific managed servers according to the current desired servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse a sentence s file .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new packaged chart .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  displays all variables in an array at a given root height .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x handler where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily updater thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  ensure that the unicode validator doesnt choke on the mock engine .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the service corner measure for a given point .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return a list of objects between model objects for the model .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  get   validates
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the given options .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  returns   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  tests whether nonvoid is marked with a nonvoid function .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  scan   column
truth:  if   self

test:  some checker checker .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  modify   dhcp
truth:  time   time

test:  return a new tag of the given tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in a dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  send an email to the email added confirmation .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  send   send
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the file path in the folder folder .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  display a figure and attributeerror .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  list   show
truth:  show   show

test:  checks to see if a string could be alpha or not .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the parent pid of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return given graph from specified graph .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  utility for the default style level of a given objects .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  download   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a random sentence-like string .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  produce   text
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  this just verifies that pydotprint return a long .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  project   console
truth:  is   null

test:  extract all xml tags from xml .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quickly see what this user has all the grep in it .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  update   null
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a date to a datetime object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  gets   date

test:  returns a list of changesets for the given user .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the coordinate value of the range of data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  return   dumps
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the path to the expand config files that is configured as one .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  expand   get
truth:  return   return

test:  step for a suffix suffixes .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  run a python file on a python file .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  clean up the image in the node from the given node .
truth: like node . 
test:  find   node
truth:  like   node

test:  view the filters for the template .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  gets   uninstall
truth:  configures   configures

test:  run commands using the :mod:salt .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  populate the repositories in a primary module .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  check   node
truth:  return   a

test:  normalizes the first argument of an argument with a base class .
truth: like zip . 
test:  is   function
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  finds the absolute resource path .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a file size in byte to human natural size .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   filtering
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  returns   partition
truth:  return   partition

test:  create a dict from all files in the given whitelist .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  clear   list
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  make   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  checks that the given array contains the same fields as unicode .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string with provided length value .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the scipy .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  start   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  converts entire object to unicode .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  null   percentage
truth:  object   object

test:  accumulate a new metric value with the new name and the system .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   up

test:  search for a given string .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  list   list
truth:  function   function

test:  filter files that match the given pattern .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  filter   a

test:  load the china dataset into a tuple of data .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  load   data
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  loads a post tree in the configuration file and returns it .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  creates   header
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test efficient surface structure .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  debug   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set up the logging message level .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   up
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  returns a string representing a datetime object .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  remove the given module articles .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  delete   up
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the top level level for a subset of images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a key in a key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only the other difference between two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   list
truth:  finds   elements

test:  check if the status of the host is not success .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   update
truth:  keep   null

test:  retrieves links for xml .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  null   uses
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the request headers as an http response with the given response .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  read media file and return them as a list .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  reads   a

test:  return the path to the cscript directory .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  find   pillar
truth:  return   return

test:  only works on solaris like platforms .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: zeromq add zeromq event text to the event log .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the observed should be a chisquare implementation that implements the observed observed equation .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  issue   sbt
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the available sensor platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the certain certain number of comments for a certain root .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  run   remove
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generates the characters .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  calculate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  add a list of dictionaries to the given aggregate .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the module in the given path .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an mg record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  deletes a security group from a virtual network .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   clones
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator to ensure that the user is being used .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  collects and send the connection to the given instance .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  extracts the current environment variable and returns sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  set   prefixes
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates multiple options that are instance to specify the data for use in the interpreter .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that the given code is a valid code .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  calling   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  return a dictionary with keys stripped .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with gumbel distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replacement for module_ids .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  convert   a

test:  runs the services .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   scenario
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the index of the given index .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   source
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for get word from c++ syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  -   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates plugin links as existing plugin .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return a job id .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   handle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursively generate a single xmltoolkit tree for a given tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  return   output
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove an extension code from the given name .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  unregister   null

test:  interpret a string as a factory .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  helper method to save the editor immediately in the provided caller .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  to   info
truth:  called   null

test:  execute queries against the binning .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  execute   logs
truth:  read   pillar

test:  returns a dictionary of vpn details and return the vpn status code .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a random chunk of the given line .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  matching   task
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the sdk version .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of the request .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  cache the file from a file into the cache location .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the loops from loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  adds a handler for the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  run a checker for a given package in a given package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return details about all elasticache table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  return   details
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  release a list of available audio output .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  returns a boolean of whether the specified key is supported .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the acls conditions conditions and return true if the user has any permissions .
truth: check acls . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the communicability communicability of g in g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt a plaintext aes with the given aes key .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when cabal-install is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  match a definition matches the supplied device .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  find   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a property property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns true if the object is a pending pending hub .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  run   a
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  constructs a python source code object .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  creates   a

test:  a synonym for :func:joinedload() .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  returns   os
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether we can query to skip a cheatsheet key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  include the docstring with a zipfile and all occurrences of the given pattern .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  replace   host
truth:  patch   patch

test:  gets facebook of the old accounts for the needed user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage usage by a resource and multiple resource .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   resource

test:  return which segment of current virtualenv is installed .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return a list of the zero in the zero encoding .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  memset --> type .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  helper to quickly see the queries associated with a given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  look   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a polygon from a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  like djangos .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a generator that returns the file-like object .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate random word .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  send   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  convert an instance to a given shape .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  returns   transpose
truth:  return   shape

test:  displays complete statistics and handles them .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  display   a
truth:  to   null

test:  handles a job submitted successfully submitted to the specific state of the last keys .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  to   handler
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parses a soap enveloped tree .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  ensures that the first word in subprocess is running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  add blueprints to the blueprints instance .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  called   configures
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove the elements of the list or list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> host_from_gpu gpu_from_host -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts the number of elements in a sequence .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   null
truth:  count   count

test:  get the harris points .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns true if the request is a ratelimited ratelimited request .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  flatten a nested dictionary .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the version of a module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  module   a
truth:  module   module

test:  return nonecur to mongodb event .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  display a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  edit   password
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the given file with the given number of every certificate file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  displays a list of items .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  convert   reverse
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a user role for a github user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   role

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the beaglebone black drafts component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails configure jenkins to the build step plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log plugin <envfile+plugin> .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   variance
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the named service .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  threaded a bdist_wininst summary of reading .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  open   a

test:  check that we meet the python version number .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  constructs and stores the collection contributors for the given collection .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  test on a lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the verisure hub light platform .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a view that exists for the last argument to the actual view .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   dummy

test:  loads a module from a file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   input
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a decorator that checks if the user has a specific permission classes .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  utility function for searching for a resource .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  find   a
truth:  log   history

test:  converts a hex string to rgb points .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  change   a

test:  create a new compiler compiler for the given compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  used to perform strings such that we can get rid from strings .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  default   str
truth:  exception   exception

test:  checks the type of picks .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  checking   function
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to become a plain script .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the path to the been downloaded for greatest .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a facilitys record .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  breaks   up

test:  returns the luhn number of the luhn number of even digits in the string .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  select a single existing item from a list of strings .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  select   strings
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  wraps method to mock a script into the image_ref .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  function   function

test:  like django .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   null

test:  replaces redundant characters that are allowed in a string .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  reports   a
truth:  null   something

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt exist .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  normalizes a document .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network device .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  contour is list of image labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  list   details
truth:  show   image

test:  display the schema version of a schema .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  display   a
truth:  view   view

test:  looks up the given name in the given name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  issue cell cell in list columns .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  see   null

test:  get the first text from a node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  makes all the imports in the background thread .
truth: internal function . 
test:  outputs   route
truth:  function   function

test:  create a dictionary from keys .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  uninstalls the given virtual machine from the system .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  add   add
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  compute mesh data from mesh .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  calculate   log
truth:  correct   correct

test:  return a notebook object .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  output   call
truth:  configure   configure

test:  returns true if python module has been changed .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  provides the admin model admin for a single comment admin .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  render a django template into a django template .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  render   render
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  set the state of the level .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  helper function to create a product of holding a given expression .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  compute   compute

test:  if you already have a valid credentials for the username and either if the username is specified .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  function   null
truth:  set   set

test:  delete a vpc peering connection from the the function .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validates configurations for correct meta-data .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  validate   output
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   value
truth:  needs   null

test:  returns a list of occurrences of occurrences of resource .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   a

test:  return the repository reference to a given repository .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  add   method
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  stop   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list all permissions on the account or for a specified user .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   keyspaces
truth:  list   permissions

test:  checks whether folder is hidden in the current platform .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a range string like parse_querystring .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  array of array elements .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  paste   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a volume name to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  simplification of a string .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   null
truth:  identify   values

test:  restful crud widget add new dashboard .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   a

test:  split a string in the series/index by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  converts a string argument to a function .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   replaces
truth:  remove   remove

test:  use the command-line arguments to parse the cli tool .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  command   current
truth:  setup   argument

test:  returns true if this string is a portion of a string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  remove the locks from the locks .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes the squared sum of the frame frame .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   calculate
truth:  signal   signal

test:  gets a code code to be used with a random integer .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  return   get
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: exclusion execute downstream resources .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : minus expression %prec .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is fully registered .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  shows   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  is the concatenation of a field names .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a hex hex color to a hex color string .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  convert   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  get the name of the installer to use .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  notification on *objects* using the given event .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   a
truth:  email   email

test:  join a list into a string using the given item .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  join   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the repository repository in a given repository .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  copies   clone
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively convert a calculations object to strings .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  decodes   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return the intersection graph of length n .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of batch normalization for the given graph .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  create an xml string from the xml output .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  train a dataset .
truth: train model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  model   model

test:  create a connection to the daemon allowing efficient registration of a connection .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  shift   a
truth:  read   a

test:  fire a message to the pilight .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  running   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  return the numpy array of object *args .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  to   return
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  remove   host
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  returns api relationship for the given argument .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  populate   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of dicts .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  stack   arg
truth:  joins   a

test:  produce a lexer for a lexer .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the primary keys are the primary column .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   table
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to test the version as a dictionary .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  retrieve   results
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of all sql statements for the given django .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a utility method to suppress a task and all monitoring from the task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  to   verbose
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to get the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  to   list
truth:  null   a

test:  build a test client for this node .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   up
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the new dashboard dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   return

test:  add a path to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  specified   null

test:  return three chain of the first kind of a in quad .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  boolean   return
truth:  function   function

test:  run the given function with arguments .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validates that the given flags are ignored .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  check   check

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shut   null
truth:  null   null

test:  elementwise exponential minus one function .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  converts basestring objects to unicode .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  decodes   basestring
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data to a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  assume   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into a tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  vms   null
truth:  signal   signal

test:  search for installed packages .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  search   search
truth:  gather   details

test:  monkey-patch a unix entry-point of a weird event given a module .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  null   check
truth:  note   in

test:  coerce data to a chart or the data field .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapt   data

test:  do any bound and command .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  dictionary   gateway
truth:  null   contributors

test:  ensure that unicode messages arent possible .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test the filetry installation .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  make   error
truth:  require   null

test:  process telnet version .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  sanitize   run
truth:  show   show

test:  parse a list of command .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  check   a
truth:  match   match

test:  uploads a cookie cookie source file .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  -   -

test:  check the correctness of y evaluation .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   accepts
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  sets   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the enclosing and is valid .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  a decorator to enforce a function to be run before the test .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  log   log

test:  show profile details of a specific dashboard .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  request   null
truth:  get   a

test:  alternate write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   1e6
truth:  write   one

test:  return a list of unique nn with unique nn .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  clears   interface
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize a treefragment function to database .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  check that rbenv is installed and install of rbenv .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare the indices according to ordered comparison .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  calculate   compare
truth:  ordered   null

test:  fetches a url to a file .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows for the given slug .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  list   show
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   validation
truth:  null   builder

test:  find the index of a reference in the array b .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  algorithm   color
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets a dictionary of final document ago and formats it as output wiki by final revision revision .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate the set of samples in a square matrix .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  block   average
truth:  produce   a

test:  returns the calculators functions for the given cube .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean out the cached state from the master .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  records   records
truth:  called   in

test:  imports and configures a model class .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   graph
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a node .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return user_ids attribute for the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  run   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts newlines to html with embedded quotes .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method to print a result instance that recognizes all the errors to the result .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  print   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  register a process with the given process id .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   a

test:  returns the event transaction id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   functions
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tries to determine the content type from the accept header .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  if   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  retrieves the module for the given module .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts some given string to a real one line .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  wrap   something
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the generalized group of order n .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   return
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a commit commit .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  format   current
truth:  parse   a

test:  check if app is installed .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  get   check
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage execute scoverage .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   configures
truth:  null   null

test:  the microseconds crud crud .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of the arguments in the given list of arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  print   string
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  retrieve quota usage until a project has been blocking .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  retrieve   quotas
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return the variables that can be cast from the graph and calls it to a list of variables .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  start recording mode and start the current request .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   recording

test:  update database posts posts for each feedparser posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  disconnect   use
truth:  update   update

test:  creates a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the key name for the given keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum statistic for each non-singleton non-singleton .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  sort a row using the given column .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  get   a
truth:  translate   column

test:  given an image object .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  called   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return the versions of this package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  set the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  closes a message .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate the statements in the statement .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that dist is a string .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  view   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new log variable with one element and output sets the same name to match the values to a list of the values .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  requests page: -- converts ran to google symbol .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  null   imdb
truth:  null   null

test:  copies a numpy where we can be a input where a input where the input header is a numpy array .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to create an brick connector object .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  clean out the temporary directory .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  loop   temporary
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  preprocesses a file or file at url returns args .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  converts   manager
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create the default signal map for this system .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   null

test:  run an ssh command on a given reactor .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   null
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the order of the answer mod with respect to the gradient of the given vector .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  order   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a unicode string .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert a number to a byte string .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  retrieve   attempt
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the diffchunkgenerator mapping of a given mapping .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  return   return

test:  counts the number of permutations in the array a to sized .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  counts   count
truth:  null   null

test:  fail function for 2d credentials .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show the contents of a given command .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the error message if this error is not in use .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  return   call
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test the default values of values .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  default   configs
truth:  default   default

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the server sensor .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the given html name for a given ip address .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  if   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  extracts the html fragment from the element .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the username of the user to run all the user to run on .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  make   null

test:  make a plot .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  load   load

test:  get the class name for a method .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to import a given migration .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  import   a

test:  determine the unix find(1) segments and class .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  compute   timestamp
truth:  return   return

test:  list all the manifest and return the list of all the addons .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  returns   database
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate the value of a valid error message .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  return   a
truth:  has   null

test:  publish an event with a twos level .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  publish   null

test:  creates a new message with the given channel and triggers .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  constructs   custom
truth:  detects   logos

test:  dummy function for cli args .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  private wrapper for the feature .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  analyze   return
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if namespace or property not found .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the amount of nodes used to determine the current cpu architecture :returns: list of nodes of nodes .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  supported   return

test:  parse string from hex string to binary string .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to look for valid credentials in the google cloud provider .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  module   project
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  queue function to schedule the schedule frame .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  callback   increment
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the x509 link for a given filename .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  create a temporary file and all stack info on the temporary features .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copies   files
truth:  copy   copy

test:  fetch the links in a url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  url   a
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a tal tal tal tal tal tal .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper to calculate a point that returns a json address .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  checking   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  generate a sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  converts a given list of data into a string .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  reset the cached conf .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  takes a dictionary and converts it to a dictionary .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   names
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dictionary of combination coincidence from the readme files in a directory .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to get all status from process name the available status to process the status of service name the virtual command cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   a

test:  get the replacement for a particular cluster in encrypt .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  split a string or path on a path .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  given images .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   image
truth:  base   base

test:  read a serialized socket file and return the resulting socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given id .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  warning a wsgi request .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  request   function
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs directory .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a random wcs string for the given symbol .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a member of an organization .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  outset the preface gcode text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy the provided module to media name of the media module to check if the test is not available .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   str
truth:  copies   a

test:  helper function to return position from a position object .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  a function which can be used to parse a command line .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification event .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  send   a
truth:  show   system

test:  takes the bokeh node and returns the bokeh one .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  commit   link
truth:  to   link

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary directory and returns its path .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  namedchildren the path between node1 and node2 .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add resource from src .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  parses the yaml file .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign a single service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that exists in the geos tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  a hack for the start and b .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  list the package that belong to a package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  list   one
truth:  download   packages

test:  returns the value for the current thread configuration .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   configuration

test:  get the current domains cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  launches a browser widget .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  determines   set
truth:  return   a

test:  return the user-callable level of the given ~astropy .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns the author name of the user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  function   a
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function kei(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link to the content of the current language .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  header   content
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the loss size for a given step step .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  take a function and a function and reader it in parallel .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  list   runs
truth:  null   element

test:  renders a form that can use a form instead of a form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   context
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the version string for requested git .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  null   function
truth:  manage   paths

test:  given an entity id .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  get   entity

test:  remove mod['module'] modules from a list of modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of all the descriptors for which the specified plugin is marked with look up all the plugins .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of choices choices with should be used after the c c c .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  find and print mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  null   file
truth:  create   create

test:  takes a single iterator of a batches .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  splits   x

test:  determine which timedelta name to use based on sw or clients .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  get   list
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that the given cursor is a mount cursor .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  have   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an empty equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  create and return a dynamic instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : minus expression %prec .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  converts the list of schema for a given model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  create   interface
truth:  produce   null

test:  return a named temporary directory that is unique to provide the test functions .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  null   null

test:  extracts the code in a code .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to increase resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  config   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  project notifications view make a project as delete confirmation .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  project   notifications

test:  load a module given its path to a package name .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime object to a time zone aware datetime .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the largest integer of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  deprecated use the function to create a certain value from the system .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  null   decorator

test:  internal function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  null   null
truth:  match   match

test:  read the entire stats stats from directory .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  combined   osc
truth:  read   read

test:  test evoked pandas db .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  evoked   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list with the python traceback and any of the given traceback .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: critical publish critical critical requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario matches with tags should respond with the tags but part of the scenario .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate the file name from a filename and write the filepath to the given file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  directly call interrupt if interrupt is not in interrupt mode .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  log   execution
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the leading monomial of f in f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  returns   returns

test:  demonstrates host interface note: this function accepts all standard hostinterface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  host   host
truth:  create   new

test:  load sys .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  given   import

test:  verify that methods do not throw a formatting key .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   user

test:  simple component for component views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  adds a directory to the parent directory .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a pydot name to the number of configurations .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  checked   print
truth:  create   a

test:  view function to redirect event to user .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud crud table for a category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  null   virtual

test:  loads a modules setting from the modules setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  given a list of tasks .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  reads the access token from the given app .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string starting at position start in data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  see if the string conversion of x is a intersection of the same line .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  null   n
truth:  null   null

test:  convert column name into the value .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit explicit underscore .
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  normalize a filename .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  computes   reduction
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  generates a random discrete matrix of stochastic stochastic matrix .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors and q from rsa and q .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  return whether or not we are a python object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets the screen for the angle of a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  use   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get command line argument to the user .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  add x intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the configured agent .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  list   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response has the x-frame-options http header set to exempt from the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the list of zookeeper ips that are zookeeper .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if last code should be hashed .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves the service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  test transformations .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record(s) for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the localetuple encoding for the given language .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  string a value in a sql query .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   in

test:  create a sample from the parent of parent handler .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to check cpaste code should be a cpaste code .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  poll   test
truth:  code   code

test:  dumps the data to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   iterator
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked columns in fill_values should only replace masked columns or masked columns .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the specified url belongs to the nearest cache .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  provide and update any tables from environment variables .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  checks if the ltyp is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the comment format based on the vim format .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the current user has a protocol lock .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  the protected editor is really a string .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  choose   null
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  return   return

test:  run a test as a dict .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  run   a
truth:  to   function

test:  get the file name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the mandatory cobbler module is something that formats the colors .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  clears   program
truth:  is   null

test:  create a com object that can fire events to a user defined class .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a vector to a corresponding integer .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   complex
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  given a sequence of heap size and the heap size .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  tries to create a pipe line with a given pipe .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  labels   command
truth:  return   a

test:  set up a mock response .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  process   a
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for series and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl mem_fence() example: # local group .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  print the host string for the json record .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  print   json
truth:  function   function

test:  convert complex condition to complex input .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   compute
truth:  value   value

test:  computes the symmetric distance matrix .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  computes   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  returns user id .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  retrieve   try
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this ensures that the user used with some of the vary vary that do not allow you need to run in the vary headers .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  request   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  returns an iterable with all available config variables .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set remote machine to remote remote url .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  how many video outputs does this media player have? .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  start a user in the library .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   filename
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter rate limit .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  determine whether the tree contains equal to an equal tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a new signature of the secret key .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  calculate   create
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a grid .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve all the available cost functions .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the cuda error object for a given cuda error .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  returns   none

test:  returns a token that can recreate the xsrf token .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  find   in
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a detach with the given reference or none if the passed in .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make the api required for a chain in the twitter server .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  do   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return compiling name of file .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the current encoding used by the current locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit page .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test the correctness of sigmoid function .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  aggregate   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  reload all firewall status cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  stop   stop

test:  a special helper that returns the regex .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return the version from the current revision .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  returns   program
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate the binary crossentropy of two distributions .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   poisson
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a usagekey .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that include_names is a valid table with a specific tables .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  authentication for a username .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  retrieve   authentication
truth:  try   try

test:  indicates that the user has any of the given permission .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the package package index .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return users currently connected to the user .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  representing a domain and returns a domain with a given domains .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names from a module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  package   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the negative along the frequency along the given dimension .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  activate the default event loop of all the mappers that have been defined in the next design design .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  select   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   returns
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  checks if a string is a list of numbers .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  check if we can query the circumstances library .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  check   check
truth:  function   function

test:  the fit regression function .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  fit   x
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path of the server for the specified server .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether a user exists .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  check   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  a script script for rebulk .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  remove   dummy
truth:  null   a

test:  gets the stylesheet code for a given context .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  applies average values of the weight to one or more variables .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  register matplotlib units to matplotlib .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  register   register

test:  update translations from a site .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  start   update
truth:  translated   update

test:  converts data types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   string
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parses a identifier identifier .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   strings
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the subset of the list names according to the language rules .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to convert an shape to a excuse .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  middleware   return
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink thermostat .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return encoding code for the environment .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes a local cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  clears   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a message to a feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status of the local peers .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of sequences with randomly elements .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a boolean .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  return   one
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds the serial port spec for the unittest on the device .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  config   config

test:  fetches a list of group scores to the given user .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  process   function
truth:  is   null

test:  allow a user to have a staff attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a 28x28x[number of mnist images] matrix containing the raw mnist labels .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all repos in the repo .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  find all unit tests as broken on the system .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the default type of a default type .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  represent   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  forces   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  validates an event for git arguments .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test whether a user exists .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   check
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   add

test:  decode a pathname name into a fixed name .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  return   like
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns the path to the given path for the given path .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  sends a mime_message event to a content-disposition object .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the known known settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set the new repository in the local repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  remove a false value from the given zone .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  send   a

test:  get the latest snapshot of the most recent values .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  pick   pick

test:  convert the scatter s to the corresponding object .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  renames   input
truth:  slices   a

test:  return list of language codes for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs for specified qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a list of all data that belong to this minion cli example: .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to see if the os is installed .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  null   check
truth:  perform   null

test:  read the last config file .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  load a config file if it exists .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  updates   load
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  find   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user to registered their tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   user
truth:  submit   user

test:  this handler is the websocket handler for eventlet .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  ticketstatus view .
truth: status view . 
test:  control   control
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random amount .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  in a collection .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  convert nested records to the corresponding installations number of installations .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  describe   null

test:  ensure the javascript message was automatically loaded on the given message .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  tests what gets written in a suffix of the current suffix .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  test   backslashes
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  convert unix ticks into a timestamp object .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the local module down the given module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  traverses the given function to find all values in the tree .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  returns   class
truth:  running   running

test:  return the md5sum for the given filename .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a function for collect all the job output .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  count   use
truth:  module   module

test:  return the shell list for the given shells on all shells .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read user data from a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  read   uses
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  place a database under migration version .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a list of urls for a given url .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  locate   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   convert
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger type given a db ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to spaces .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  takes   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  converts the given iterables to a list of dicts .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   null
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  make sure the rdp flag is enabled on the system .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  return   return
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  given   a

test:  the first first item in seq .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  convert falls weekday to monday .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate config .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  attempts to stop a vm and all its state .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  testcase for old test .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  using   registry

test:  return the current migration records in the database .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  null   uses
truth:  clear   null

test:  try to get a store_fs for a pickleable directory .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  empty   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  tokenize a attribute colour .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  open   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the 4x4 filter .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  null   spline

test:  executes commands for subprocess .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   null
truth:  command   command

test:  retrieves the information on a queue history queue .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  files   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 replaces the gpu condition with pdbbreakpoint .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  check if we are running on the host cli example: .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  show   show

test:  a version of pdb .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  text   output
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid :term:view callable .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  perform a path on the device .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return string with all up of the string before the limit .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  text   null
truth:  does   null

test:  converts binary data to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return a string representation of the time object .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncate a string for safe http error .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator to check if a function is run a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet projects by name cli example: .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fill the given llvm llvm data .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  assuming   a

test:  simple wrapper to run a process and wait process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  retrieve   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  returns   fetch
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the current service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  list   a
truth:  show   properties

test:  helper to close the named file .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator for use with views that should have a 3101 complete .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  check   a
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: url this plugin allows you to define the url scm from the build .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   sparse
truth:  url   url

test:  login to the sections .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  get   call
truth:  point   point

test:  create a slice after passing columns this only works on a slice .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the indentation level of a given size .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  null   add
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns which items of a user has c{bytes} to access this module .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  begin sending the given path to the cache directory .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator to raise a function that returns a subtest on the given arguments .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  constructs an environment dictionary from the current process .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  supply   null

test:  generates the best unit unit unit .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively traverse a given directory .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  compare   create
truth:  call   call

test:  compile a compiler .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if the request would be reloaded .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  makes   view
truth:  generate   a

test:  pull the selected remote .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  find   create
truth:  pull   pull

test:  a template tag that returns the given params for the given object and signature .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  null   null

test:  concatenate variables along an op along the given axis .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  create   null
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query the data from a domain .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   handler
truth:  query   a

test:  parse an http comma separated header with the corresponding scheme .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  calculate the p-th error .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns the sha-1 of a key in a given instruction .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  returns rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  click   update
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html indicating that the payment payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  signal   signal

test:  displays the application and returns a list of all the app names .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  receive a message with the socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  check if a object is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  x is n*m .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  perform   cleanup
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or special characters in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  converts a string with a unicode string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the main input_seqs input_seqs to write filtered -- false if the seqs_to_keep is not found or parse_fastq the
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  return description of the plane plane descriptor .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   head

test:  usage: {{ dictionary|at:key}} .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  to   null

test:  compute the legendre legendre function for computing the matrix .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume a iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   a
truth:  consume   null

test:  format the given chunks as a string of only one token .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  styles delete request .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  registers   delete
truth:  if   validate

test:  language: pt-br -> function output with failed table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test resample color by two dimensional samples .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  tests   function
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the major minor version number .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns the xblocks available information for the specified xblock .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test fill fill .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   encodes
truth:  fill   fill

test:  given a course_key .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  nearest the complex to complex .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  find   fix
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path can be a link to a link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  this is func1 .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   comparison

test:  create a deferred and derivatives .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   commands
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the given file .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  clear   python
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start a online time service cli example: .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns a random pages with the optionally pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load the given image image .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   image

test:  converts s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a boolean root type .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration according to the authn context .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  list the installed packages in the name of the python cookbook .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack the dictionarys files in a list of filediffs .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   attributes
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new virtual machine to the given vm cli example: .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  usage: txs object .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   factory
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  find all the predicate matches the specified predicate by the given lookup type .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   a

test:  return a files that is a zipfile zip file .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   a
truth:  compress   null

test:  cases where an nginx proxy is a package for a particular test modules are of a specific package .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sessions

test:  returns a list containing the data for the given form .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the english article for the word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  get   return
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns a tuple with the current basic basic user .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load from a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   test

test:  provides exception .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds the context to the current session .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  normalize   uses
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using the downhill algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  sets the controls for the controls .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  link   syntax
truth:  controls   controls

test:  constructs and saves the configuration hook .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  clone   try
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given an exploration references .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a new clock service with a specified cluster .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves a system order special 1st 1st order using the given equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the output of pexpect to show pexpect via pexpect .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require a setuptools if a setuptools is installed .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  performs the conjugate-transpose of a matrix with lu decomposition .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse a message for a user_op_manager user and extract the message .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  obtain and return a configuration object from the configuration .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via master option .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  generate a function that returns a function .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the volume name from volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transform a series into a list of child floats .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  pairs   transform
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get line with given line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a list with brew applications that calls the given path specifying the github github .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  pair   a
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  forced   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure utf8 utf8 .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a anywhere number for the specified region and number .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  validate the user code for a arg .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  get   parameter
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to dhcp dhcp file or conf .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   path

test:  add a handler for the blank handler .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the p-value function of order n .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the classical ip address from the contents of an ip address .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert time in seconds to utc format .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  null   html
truth:  null   inverse

test:  used by the macros functions to verify the current instance .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  make   rfc
truth:  report   report

test:  enumerates enumerates package definitions .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  to   null
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: tox add tox to the tox plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   group
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the scenario repr .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test a matrix matrix .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  creates   responses
truth:  issue   issue

test:  convert a path such as a unicode string .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  change   use
truth:  converts   a

test:  return url to async .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  add   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson int64 to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  decode   a

test:  asserts whether the log path matches the given log path .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  check   update
truth:  null   helper

test:  show the region of a function .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  show   show
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add teardrop output to negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   profile
truth:  add   add

test:  free namedtuple --help .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  decorate a query and return a list of query parameters .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   list
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  store package with a local package and returns the name of the package .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  -   tarball
truth:  persist   parser

test:  append the oauth parameters to the list .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  append   oauth

test:  verifies that the tkinter in the whitelist is removed .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  null   implementation

test:  retrieve configuration data from datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  open and play the middle script in a given file .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   prints
truth:  open   svg

test:  this method provides a generator of groups of groups as a generator of received from the hg data .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  makes sure the column column has a node that has an ast offset .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  raises   like
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  fixture to return a mainframe .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  null   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  provide the default dict for a sdk instance .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  determine   data
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if the given certificate should be called after the given certificate has been produce the given certificate .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files in the s3 bucket cache file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  given the common common code common to a string .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  show   functions
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up and return a pickle flow .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  function   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  gets the list of users that represent the karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  loved   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a test to ensure the web sender matches the given p39 .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  m   m

test:  takes a cron file or directory and returns true if a cron file exists .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse mapreduce from current directory .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator for notify which require that its a skip test if decorator is :const:true .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate over files in a directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  walk   version
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns redirection configuration .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  have   null

test:  returns the python shell shell widgets .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string using a read-only hash algorithm .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  return   replaces
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   children

test:  runs an interactive python application in running inside a python program .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  run   launch
truth:  create   create

test:  create a new composite user for texture file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return an iterator over the raster image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all violations of the violations that are available for the given report .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  function   standard
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  marks strings as a zipfile attribute to the given message .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  marks the input data as configured for testing purposes .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process the xml element .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  be   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a higher import is actually a absolute archive cannot be created .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the wx that a wx can be used in a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the given instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a list of lists from the given list of documents .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a qtransform timestamp .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  request   null
truth:  null   memory

test:  setup the events for the installed events .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a connection to the datastore interface cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a specific sm backend backend config .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  parses a single volume info volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  modifies the view function if messages are set on the output of the request .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  find   app
truth:  log   log

test:  return the string with the text of the user .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to a specific database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return the current rvm version of the release twisted cli example: .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  get   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  the quadratic function .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams streams to a stream .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   unix
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify given mode is given given mode .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  converts a zeromq documentation for a user .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  compare   parse
truth:  annotate   a

test:  adds a timed exam info to a given section .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   in

test:  strip plaintext .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  strip   strip

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   directory
truth:  remove   a

test:  return superimposition matrix from superimposition .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes the trimmed mean of xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  return the jupyter notebook .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns anonymous user instance with id .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  list   install
truth:  returns   user

test:  imports imports with the given key .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix the module level .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  make   attribute
truth:  replace   division

test:  show a new event handler for the test parser .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  register   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory to the java location dirlist for dirlist purposes .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get a docker container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   container
truth:  get   container

test:  convenience function for simulating xenapi plugin responses .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  output   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create a mongo client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  time   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the path is installed in a site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a commit tree to a tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  determine   sort
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two pandas timestamp and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  check   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a filename with the css files starting with the given name .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  returns   page
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper function to parse the attributes of a given xml string .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  null   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  extracts the canonical part of the directory path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  pootle   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  add new knowledge item .
truth: new item form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   item

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render in the list for the javascript form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  provides   context
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return the iterable of all rate rate limits .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to cie-luv color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  returns true if path contains a local word .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up a module if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  mount   returns
truth:  try   try

test:  add rsa to rsa rsa message .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  tests whether a url is a escaped url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  test   test

test:  heres with broadcasting .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  indicate   messages
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify the new-style argument doesnt get implicit .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  verify   calls
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a node with the given arguments .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the long description of a file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  get the list of heartbeat that have been heartbeat .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the user has access to the course with other users .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register internal trigger and the definition if it doesnt exist or the definition .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   register

test:  close given status .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  close   check
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a special log handler for this module .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  checks to see if the given service is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy query strings into a given query string .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copy   order
truth:  query   query

test:  remove specific prerequisite by the prerequisite api .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   delete
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shuts down the server and wait for all available metadefinition .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  -   show
truth:  show   show

test:  check if encoding is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  given an exception .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read metamorph header from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   count
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of the index from the given list of a list .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  need   need

test:  the html of the addons .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  receives   view
truth:  render   a

test:  accepts a user name and returns the current hypervisor if that is given .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample then then smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  smooth   null

test:  parse an queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  fix   tags
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  working   working
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate the username for a username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  validate   validation
truth:  raises   a

test:  probability of the deterministic probability distribution .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  calculate   list
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that the post namespaces namespaces namespaces are unique namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  redirects a file to its destination .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  source   source

test:  helper function to format a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the version of the s being used in __version__ classes .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request handling to the specified state .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  add   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  write a full-featured table as a full-featured table with empty columns .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  write   check
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  string   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   case
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that the input channels are the same .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  list   checking
truth:  check   check

test:  takes a list of python symbol and converts it to a python symbol .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the vms location for this domains .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   vm
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an exception object to an exception .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a string representing the length bits of a bit integer .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  split   a
truth:  get   get

test:  function to check the requests list of requests belonging to their alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  list   converts
truth:  complete   generate

test:  compute the number of lines to a text file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear the screen .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a random integer such that the first and size in the object is preserved of the strings in the strings of the strings .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  raises importerror if the unit at the given version was registered in the repository .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be removed .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  files   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  stop the status from a model to a session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  saves   current

test:  updates the global config in the database .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  add   add

test:  gets the snapshots metadata for the given collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a new fake category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  return information about the node info .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  get   info
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials code to see in the dump code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   render
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  compute html to the path .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  build   html

test:  convert a single date from quarter to a base date .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  extract   date

test:  jboss_config the user .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  function   snapshot
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decompress a trail on a file .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  customize the compiler test method as a compiler for the given options .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  null   inject

test:  gets the template from the given object and returns the send version .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  returns the region name that matches the country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for once .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  open   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  list monitor data on a given monitor and case-insensitive methods cli example: .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the only interfaces interfaces interfaces interfaces implemented by instances .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  list all active mounts on the freebsd master cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  search for use with a search search .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  find   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  generates a random id from "b" "b" .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a beets query string .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new folder .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches a private exploration from a specified exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the given builtin name of the current permission for the given builtin .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  be   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the headers in the content to a tuple .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parse   headers
truth:  build   a

test:  create a spliter over the specified parameters .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   character
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns a wsgi password from the wsgi environment .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  probability density function for test_pickle harmonic mean parameters n : int the number of the loglikelihood .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get mysql error messages .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  look   in

test:  converts a out of contingency objects into a dictionary .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast strings is invalid unicode .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   assert
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the trimmed kaiserord transform of a .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  convert the given path to unicode .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if index exists and in the given index if a storage repository exists .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a lazy name that should be a lazy name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert binary string to binary string .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  null   str
truth:  if   null

test:  saves the session session to a file .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  setup the host information for a particular host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   image
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  callback for change of quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the current cpu usage from the current api .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a no-op implementation of _thread .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  function   return
truth:  string   string

test:  replace the old style file with the same name .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  file   files
truth:  files   files

test:  require english language .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  report the caller generated by a given set of variables .
truth: train a model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  train   a

test:  parse the results from "xfs_info" command and return a dictionary .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns an svn transaction for the svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  changes   changes

test:  convert the input function to a function and return the appropriate one that works as a function that takes a function and the appropriate type .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  save   convert
truth:  null   opposite

test:  jarque bera _tricube .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  mean   compute
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  drops a user cli example: .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  ask   function
truth:  prompts   null

test:  ensure that the glance glance cell where the input is different correctly .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   configure
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when the scenario has no tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the tag of a comma-separated .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return true if url belongs to safe .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  debug/test function for the revamped import system .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   close
truth:  function   function

test:  get a set of markdown that are marked as markdown .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge a configuration in a database .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  converts   layer

test:  convert a template extra context to a template string .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  adds a variable to the expression then confirm on the given relaxed .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  null   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  helper function for creating a cache file .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  context   function
truth:  execute   null

test:  checks whether media permissions are permission for the given media type .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  load test tests for the "data" test module .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  provide   a

test:  show lists on all entry in the database .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  list   null
truth:  show   show

test:  prints information about the pagination pagination .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the user .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compare two independent samples .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  test   zeta
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  helper to determine the loc module that will be used to :0: .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  to   method

test:  run the given le process .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  executes   run
truth:  run   run

test:  set the given properties on a computenode and raise if it does not exist .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  clear the node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   function
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  get or runs an visible on a dataframe .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  unicode   get
truth:  return   return

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  given a list of synonyms .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  grab   a

test:  lazy geocoding .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send an email to a specified reject .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  sends   html
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  authentication form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  server   function
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  call signature:: with the given json string .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  create   function
truth:  wrap   table

test:  return the ip address is a timeout of a timeout .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list of the path components in the given path .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a string for a previously "string" chunk from the specified string .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  await steps steps for all the items of this object .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  restore   returns
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a path on the consecutive the bit of the directory .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a service to a service service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send email notifications by the results in a list of all the results .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  generate   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  obtain a colormap and a dictionary .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  check   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  model   model

test:  fetch symbol for a particular frame .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users in conference from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a valid config .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  disable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return the carving for the file text .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  function to talk to the container index policy .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  return   null
truth:  talk   null

test:  return the id of the character that describes the next change .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  to   sphinx
truth:  null   case

test:  use the uploaded hash to verify the uploaded hash .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  returns a list of the items in the given header .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  looks   return
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  return the string that is the word of the specified word .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   triangle
truth:  load   load

test:  renders a report as a string .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  lookup the provided cname .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  look   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all website in a database .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call the given xxdot function for the given data .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   call

test:  ensure that slicing slicing model works as expected .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   join
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that the given headers is blacklisted .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  assert   check
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  test the integer to cover .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  null   parallel
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator to add a modifier modifier symbol to the modifier modifier modifier .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  set   func
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return true if the attribute matches the given attribute .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  map   return
truth:  match   a

test:  validate and validate binary .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  executes the given error .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   wether
truth:  predefined   return

test:  apply a palette to the given image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random cloud instance .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse extra info .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with bytes in the byte string form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the type of a given type .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the corr corr .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns a system stream for byte processing .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  load tasks from a module .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to resource inventory .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  display   data
truth:  to   delete

test:  create site from site certificate .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  ssl   ssl
truth:  add   custom

test:  pass in the given data .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   method
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge list of dictionaries by adding the dictionaries to a single list .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   salts
truth:  merge   a

test:  true if the given scheme is a straight same policy .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  finds   checks
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide a filename without dropping a scalar .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check that value is a valid requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a new perls trigger record in the database .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a container and delete it to the given volumes .
truth: create a container . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a copy of the response with the specified headers .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get a handle to a handle .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  run the long lists .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  run   line
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the contenttype contenttype file .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  gets   change
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses the trust client portion of a query string .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  perform   parser
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  find   network
truth:  get   get

test:  activate the rate limiting behavior of all vagrant properties .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  main control function .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  runs   function
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the maximum of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to return a dictionary with ip address decoder .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  database and returns a list of database objects .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  set   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return a safe code for the object .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  returns all the languages languages in the list of all languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  list   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute value to an object .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  if   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a template string and return a template object .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample is smaller than a wrong decimal value .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  create a new :class:command group .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a deployment object .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the template attribute of an attribute .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  if   urls
truth:  loads   a

test:  returns the url string from the url value of the url without the file extension .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse illumina log sequences into a single line .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   change
truth:  parse   parse

test:  build a copy of a new one options .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  create   show
truth:  minify   +

test:  setup the pyzabbix component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a testcase for tests that verify the tests given one defined in the correct cases .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   create
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a new bit of a given data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  scale the carving of a gcode file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   context
truth:  analyze   a

test:  populate a module and add it to the workflow .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  take   null
truth:  used   null

test:  how this module logs a different version of the main version of the jupyter .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  is   encodes
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test uninstall package with two places from a reqs file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  null   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  call signature:: as input a horizontal expression .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  print   wrapper
truth:  stack   stack

test:  returns the process starting with the given pid .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that we can detect all the files .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ with testing defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   environ
truth:  update   environ

test:  create a symmetric matrix from a set of adjacency tuples this is a multivariate matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  verifies that the path is a transient system .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  function to ensure that the test ref does not exist .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure the nullable validator correctly handles a variety of the values .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the matplotlib backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  adapted   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  writeable writeable to help with atomic errors .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  create   manager
truth:  open   temporary

test:  read sympy data from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   image
truth:  load   a

test:  returns a tree that can be a javascript file .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  return   output
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper to create a new context object .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  apply   factory
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator to define a options to pass it to trace .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  function   options
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  load a remote branch .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns an item from the table .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  returns   report
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decorate a function that prints to the given arguments .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a json file of quoted-printable records to a list of data .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  read   a

test:  configure mariadb policy for a site .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  bench   update
truth:  help   help

test:  wrapper for fulltext .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  check   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  installing   tests
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the day summary of the given day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  pad the extension to a boolean .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  validates   create
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the strings required for sorting the strings of a given strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  if   text
truth:  string   string

test:  compute the sum of the feature .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  sum   compute
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the resource is inside the parent process .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  check whether or not an item with the same database key .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves the nested order order differential equations with the new axis .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a human-readable message .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  try   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if the provided path refers to the current system .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  helper function for handling delete item usage for a given course usage .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   usage
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extracts the title from title and create a simple api call that can do the next available on the title .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  get   page
truth:  extract   null

test:  dummy function to print a warning to stdout .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  return   return
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  provides a version of the reps which contains the spend or recurrent .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  optical optical filter .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   parse
truth:  split   operator

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  test whether a value satisfies a equal to be converted .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test for default verify the default paths of the default paths that matches the default paths .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   paths

test:  parse a date and return the results .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  module   replaces
truth:  if   check

test:  expression : relational_expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  constant_expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenants cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the shared lr for a given set of shared statistics .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  builds and return links for us to retrieve links .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a callinginfo for a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete table where and side where and translate their parameters from job .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  temporarily code to describe sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  place a order by specified order .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  null   row
truth:  place   place

test:  get an os digital 2-tuple of the absolute paths of the top-level external data directories for both tcl and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  get   a

test:  tests that the in-db filter will return true if the column is greater than a column .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  compute the md5 hash of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   md5
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  runs a django test as the filesystem argument .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  return   one
truth:  run   run

test:  nearest integer to a and b .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  null   integer

test:  check to see if inclusion_params_and_context_from_template inclusion_params_and_context_from_template are raster .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  convert   interface
truth:  return   a

test:  download the vehicle from the current mission .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  call appropriate setup setup a function for all keyword arguments that calls keyword arguments to be passed in a specific kwargs .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  call   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  print a geometry object where the given tensor is found .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  label   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set the root password into the filesystem into the filesystem into the filesystem into which the filesystem into the filesystem filesystem into the filesystem is stored in the filesystem into
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  removes a virtual objects from the file system .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  find   a
truth:  read   in

test:  loads the given plugin into the appropriate plugin .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  only load the module if the psql bin exist .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  run   set
truth:  load   load

test:  copy one volume to another volume to another volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  null   read
truth:  copy   contents

test:  comment: get the icon of an object or set the item of the test .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create the bmat lists for each block in row .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  block   count
truth:  constructs   a

test:  create a sailthru list in a specific list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   a
truth:  list   list

test:  creates a subscribed statements and returns the current logger .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate the expected discounted measure .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  ensure that the given name is a valid directory .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  recursively processes dicts and all of the provided variables .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both season and multi season .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  get descriptions from name .
truth: if present . 
test:  find   find
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain name .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a summation string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  converts   bytes
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production table .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute lc and a lc polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   algorithm
truth:  results   results

test:  list all group groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract data from a given model with the given data as a alert_hook .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is the sequences of sequences that is the that is the strings in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get roles of current user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  accumulate all classes that are single-item in the newlines .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns a document to a given slug .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   a

test:  like pretty() but captures the stdout to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a new types .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns whether the user can view the given permission .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   replaces
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  returns a descriptor .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the user info cookie for the client .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the data for the given course index .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   index
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  test malformed malformed .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  providing   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  register a compiler function as a compiler .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  loads a single hot labels into a batch of labels .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  indices   helper
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  mangle function to check if it may be a valid name .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  attributes   class
truth:  mangle   a

test:  create a document in a zoneinfo file .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  univariate series expansion of the series *args .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file or file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  multiplies the dimensions of a tensor .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   values
truth:  computes   null

test:  escapes a string .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   method

test:  show idle warning after warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  store   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns a value for the named db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the helptopic model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  iterate over the keys in the graph .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  takes   stub
truth:  split   a

test:  update the last_state for the current thread .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   state

test:  return a no-op or current line number .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  retrieve   up
truth:  return   a

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compare xml files or module with the given language name .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   check
truth:  sets   sets

test:  start a basic server factory .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  uses a request to build a generic sample data from a given data .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  create   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  add an element of the trailing polynomials in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   register
truth:  add   add

test:  this function will remove the multiprocessing queue from the system .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  set the action to be used in the other id .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   resources
truth:  set   state

test:  find the top level of the given value in a dom tag .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  display the recent changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  display   display

test:  round a number or subsection to a precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  to   a
truth:  round   a

test:  decorator for registering api methods .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add to preselected project .
truth: new project form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  project   project

test:  fail if two or more values are equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  to   asserts
truth:  raise   null

test:  removes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  split string in the series/index by the string .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  downloads a resource from a given url and a mapping file .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   html
truth:  download   a

test:  usually the virtual environment in a virtualenv .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  process   install
truth:  install   install

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  return   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  calculate the candidate directory to use for temporary files .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   find
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  calls users .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  make   users
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture that provides a blob that resets the fixture snippets .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  searching   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  add a task to a different queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  a version of distance between a and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   distance

test:  returns a valid string that encodes a valid possible filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  features   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove list from the point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a np .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct an endpoint server server server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an environment with type spec .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  check a whether a given path matches a regular pattern .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check if a set of strings are valid .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  validate   validate

test:  helper to find the provided resource type for the resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  to   get
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test the bundle bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given date .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   error
truth:  test   date

test:  set header for vary header .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  order   get
truth:  add   a

test:  given a private key .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   helper
truth:  sign   sign

test:  initializes the signal from the salt:// package and set it to the dashboard .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  to   null

test:  helper function to translate a callback into a message object .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  renders   get
truth:  translate   translate

test:  debugging hook for tests .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  use this function in a response .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  computes   wrapper
truth:  callback   callback

test:  run the grouped tests in the grouped cases .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  correlation   handle
truth:  run   run

test:  squared logarithmic error metric to the similarity of each ratings .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  squared   log
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns true if the given course is commentable in a course .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return unique elements in a list .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  default list of handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check whether socket is supported .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  group : config .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  debug   command
truth:  bench   bench

test:  collect a message for a user .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  collects   send
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  list   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  declares a flag as key for the module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  like simpledecoder but converts a bit integer to a python integer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  apply provider version using openshift .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  samples   compute
truth:  get   current

test:  return the closing matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  return   return

test:  generate config for a precompute config .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  show   migrate
truth:  return   info

test:  take a string and return an iterator .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  returns an items from a queue or timeout if it exists .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns a hashed string of the given password with the given name .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a timedelta instance to an integer .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register a new oauth application .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  install   a
truth:  register   register

test:  return the docstrings for a feed .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  get   one
truth:  to   function

test:  calculate the vector of a histogram according to the histogram histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  retry   null
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively resolve an iterator and all the given mode .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  if   null
truth:  map   map

test:  returns the list of ipv6 addresses required to recognize .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the bytes of a test disk pointer as a tuple of namedtuple .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gemm to apply_matrix_pt(m .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an existing token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge 2 dicts .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  combines   null

test:  create an exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  display the audio dialog .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  display   entry
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  helper to scale subject from bem subject .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  yields   find
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a member exists cli example: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   a

test:  verifies the given path using the salt user .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  is   null
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  checks to see if the current bronsteins accepts a specific xml string and returns a tuple of the current xml string representing the current locale location of the current tenant
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  checks   checks

test:  reconstruct the object field of axes .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  get   replace
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  class decorator for subclasses of hashable .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in common approach .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  draw the graph g with a matplotlib edge layout .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json generated generated generated as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  enables   pool
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a >> b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return page if page is stored in page mode .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  create   handler
truth:  adds   null

test:  save information from instances system_metadata into the flavor dictionary .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   key
truth:  save   properties

test:  returns a new frequency function .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize the entire site-packages directory .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  start   hook
truth:  enable   readline

test:  decode a string from a binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  output   string
truth:  null   null

test:  only load the module if the kernel is installed .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  set   run
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt with the minion .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  add string s to the given string .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  log a message handler for this exit .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  if   null

test:  stops the registry .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  tag   stop
truth:  stops   current

test:  with corners .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  sample   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: syntax if scenarios is not a feature .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  null   syntax
truth:  null   syntax

test:  extracts the request from the given header and returns a tuple with the given scheme .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  retrieve   iterable
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code found in the following config file .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle matrices with divisions .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  makes the histograms of the input data points together .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plots   crud
truth:  plot   plot

test:  create a nested nested nested nested nested inner sauce sauce space .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parameters (in code for code like pipes .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  evoked   create
truth:  context   manager

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  stack   shorthand
truth:  format   a

test:  upload files to the different process exit .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  start a local root .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  display   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a new controlampservice .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a utility function to check if a list has pending checks .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  get   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  file-like object structure .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  log   print
truth:  null   a

test:  load a string .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  replace   string
truth:  function   function

test:  github issue assert that the whole order when the table fails .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  request   init
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning from bazaar .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build a series of the spans from a bucket .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  document   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse input date format into a datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  stack   a
truth:  given   a

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a list of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  cleanup a package that was previously setup .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns the minpoly product of the hermite polynomial of the given list of strings .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a user profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the image image of a file and return as a string .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker node with a user on the given node .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   overrides
truth:  configure   configure

test:  make the lower input mrl .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  compute   display
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert a linecollection groups to a dictionary .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  do   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the highest index of the highest used to compute the highest value of up up of up and its index of the highest
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of the names of all visible groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a fixed path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  prepend   null

test:  parse substitutions according to the user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  query   query

test:  restores a ccx from a ccx to a given ccx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   update
truth:  restore   references

test:  this function is run in the according to the backend .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  check if variable is shared variables .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns true if info satisfies any of the files can be used with a sgemv so that it was made .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the c c size of a positive integer .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  find   enable
truth:  return   return

test:  restores the defaults level by sending it to the console level .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  use   use

test:  generate user name from a name .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  null   name
truth:  name   name

test:  returns a string which fires from the given model .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  control   input
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   screenshot
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  handler to make sure the given stub authentication .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  repeated   counts
truth:  sends   null

test:  collect the given list of distributions and seqs: objects .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  return   list
truth:  select   null

test:  wrap the text for a user to select the facebook view and writes it to the facebook .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the stack data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test to ensure its possible to a cache call .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  github   github

test:  ignore the processor name of a processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  main function to write out a list of files to all the files in the file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the default python implementation of the current machine .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  set   null
truth:  error   error

test:  view function that is automatically execute an design request .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   null

test:  runs an exception when the exception is created .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a single blast record from a file with the given format .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  function for slices this function is strictly if contained a list of slices is a tuple of slices .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a test to ensure the pricing module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  use   null
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training controller - used for imports .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   crud
truth:  training   events

test:  this function is designed to extract the entire gluechops .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  creating   string
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm time from file and return as numpy array .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   count
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix submission of the submission .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   function
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from c++ file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test text for when a single labelsize table .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service to start at boot .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   server
truth:  set   set

test:  remove devices from an api json .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  drop   tables
truth:  support   rm

test:  extract containers and return them in the deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  test   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  handle click on the specified labels .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  handle   show
truth:  select   null

test:  api: accepts middleware .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  simple "proto:url" function that preserves columns that are have different signature .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  evaluate a string for iso8601 stored in a sentence s .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  string   string

test:  clears accumulated statistics on the master where the image was removed from the master cli example: .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  summarize a summary of the parsefile .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  iterate over the function x .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the path to the disk block device size .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string containing the name of a function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generates a numeric array .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   numpy

test:  returns a function that defines the given module according to the function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  link   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  server-side formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  filter   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write a component to a file .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   component

test:  summarize the mathjax article of the given article .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  process   null
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a exclude package .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  look   backend
truth:  test   test

test:  given a list of events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  null   control
truth:  shift   shift

test:  api endpoint for getting proper resource api .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  results   update
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  helper to generate random symbol used to gather .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  return the current server .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  null   event
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager to initialize the current working window .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  used   null

test:  set the effective user and return the current user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  process   set
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a string representation of the corresponding shadow object .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  run all registered objects .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  convert   outputs
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the list of documents from a search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a number into a string .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge virtual environment overrides .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  purges   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  retrieves the current url for the given module .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  list the users titles to access a user .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  retrieves the policy for the specified role and returns the policy if it exists .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  return   check
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the current github version is valid .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  cached   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the version of idle problems with tk tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   names
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the ca available certificates name .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to indicate that the given types are the same .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  null   list
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create a symlink relative to the given path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the sum of elements of n .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test the coordinate representation of the y representation .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  check   context
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  returns the current directory .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  start   node

test:  delete an attachment specs item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  loads lexers module .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the options to a command-line argument .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  called by the unsorted dictionary .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  return   input
truth:  translate   rest

test:  removes a s3 object from the s3 bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  to   function

test:  confirm that the user has the 8-bit 8-bit question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  question   tests
truth:  ask   user

test:  parses a text as a string .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   encodes
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check as a tuple .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the time zone as a tzinfo instance .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert distribution .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  override nodes from a nested host .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  adds one or more dictionaries to a tuple .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to markdown .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  calculates the type of the type *obj* .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  expression whether expression is a sympy expression .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  asserts   a
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test that the gpu cast to the cast number of gpu .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure that the given string sanity works as a python module name .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  copy   running
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tries to corrupt a random sampling vector by the noise vector .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  file   returns
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  generates a list of emailmessages statements for a given chain .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  give   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the info structure for the container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  returns a wrapper function that takes a function as a wrapper on a scheduler scheduler .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find the latest image that matches the given distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  trigger the site site events and only trigger events .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  reading   events
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a contributor to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  raises importerror .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  package   start
truth:  save   state

test:  return the number formatted size in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  save   disk
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  test function to run a test heroku .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  register a bunch of messages on a socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  return   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for hub .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  null   form
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the latest repository record for a specified repository and changeset .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert unicode string to s3 utf-8 string .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c preprocess options as used as at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  build a string from a string .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that all the t[a] in py3 are accepted .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  existing   replace

test:  get a single year from year .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  returns   dict

test:  convert the axes response object into a certificate_id response object .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that match groups takes groups takes named groups .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  lettuce   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a sympy expression .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  function   basestring
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  create a new rpm version instance for the latest version .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  make   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a decorator for setting the default threaded factory .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  function   return
truth:  func   func

test:  read forward forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  test basic inverse validation function .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  tests   connection
truth:  test   test

test:  given a connectionconfig or a tuple that represents the ip addresses .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generates an access token .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  null   name
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name to the increasing index for a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  write   render
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  relative strength index .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  score   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  to use the directory that contains a list of paths .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  select   null
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller for the resource log .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  allow for sample_iter wabbits .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  process   encodes
truth:  null   helper

test:  prepare a remote command .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  create a new keystone client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculates the l2 projection of the product of f .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  null   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  checks if the address is an ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the absolute area of a loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test if the database has isoread .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest option of the unittest option of the unittest module .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  decorator that ensures that the user is not enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  is   a

test:  compute the key for a video .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  null   encodes
truth:  create   a

test:  remove a cut after the node .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  fill   encode
truth:  given   a

test:  compute the linear metric at the specified shape of shapes shapes .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  put   multiplication
truth:  give   null

test:  helper function to get the right class from the given function .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  consume   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more or all items from a queue cli example: .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  indicate   function
truth:  pop   one

test:  convert data to a collection .
truth: input data . 
test:  starts   data
truth:  input   data

test:  validates the arguments to be positional in the arguments .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  validate   arguments
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from a local directory installed .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  returns the the the the dependency version of the given gpg .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the implementation of the given function .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   group
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  returns true if there are no file found in the given list of strings .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  open   compute
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple view that expects a get request .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  serialize and return a native object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the strategy name of a potential visit .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  if   energy
truth:  null   energy

test:  convert the call of a vector to a tuple of tuples .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary that has the bban attribute from a iban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab the job lock on a node and call runonce .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  add a list of xml to an xml .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  adds   check
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  query a named entry from a named pairs .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  skip   register
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  helper to get a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   values

test:  helper to create a pmap class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  initialize top top configuration .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  delete   configuration
truth:  default   default

test:  generic credentials for database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  filters   up
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the named vms exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  synthesize a realm for use with the right key .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  returns the list of configuration errors with the given configuration .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create temporary file for one or more path on this platform .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether the system needs to be rebooted cli example: .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  set the tag for the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  file   data
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  check to see if the slug slug are present .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   slug

test:  returns true if all the prog < is a regular expression .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  performs   searches
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a project acl for a request .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  null   version
truth:  project   project

test:  get a compute migration objects .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  merge a hash .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  input   a
truth:  given   a

test:  calculate all the addparentstofks for fks .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  returns the last modified date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  return   return
truth:  guess   guess

test:  get the preferred object .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove all package arguments .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   rest

test:  makes the increasing model and follows: for the increasing trace .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  increasing   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return the full version of the mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the media jvm .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  create all events that have the given events .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  tests   upload
truth:  null   page

test:  compute the variance of the probability distribution .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper to make sure the string is suitable for serialization .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wiener filter .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  show all imgadm uuid of the specified package uuid : string uuid of image uuid of show cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  run   show
truth:  show   manifest

test:  returns exactly version string from the full package .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  raises zone if given problem is not met .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  to   context
truth:  grabs   null

test:  verify that the right portion of subclasses are subclasses of subclasses of subclasses of subclasses & equality the right class .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a dictionary of setter methods for the given name .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the complex polygon .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the properties field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the string is a python expression .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute the harris corner measure response .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  compute   harris

test:  get the class object for the given function .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  makes a query to the auth info endpoint for a query .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  add a medias broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  look for a existence in the tree .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  finds   runs
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the ip is running on the web server .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ip   ip

test:  add a host entry in the /etc/hosts file .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing a relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  if   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform a txt record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  itemfield view .
truth: location view . 
test:  index   view
truth:  view   view

test:  send email to a specified target .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  sends   build
truth:  copied   null

test:  make sure the given command is a new command .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  test   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load scores from a list of scores .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  retrieve   signal
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the number of values smaller than or equal to the multiplicity of the given value .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process all the templates in a sources with the given name .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  find   a
truth:  process   markup

test:  test output of img-1194 .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   regression
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  display all standard commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  does the commit itself and resets a dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  load a named library name .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  check   use
truth:  specify   a

test:  reads the most recent atomic savepoint .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  return   chocolatey
truth:  null   variant

test:  helper function for removing a prespecified user .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  set   set

test:  fixture to get a topic in a test .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  lock   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return a list of exposed extensions found in the path .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  return   use
truth:  get   get

test:  load a document and return the document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  url   p
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate specific qos specs from specific qos type .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  creates a new aggregate function for the specified name .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine whether a filename is a python type .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  find   filename
truth:  given   null

test:  return url without the s3:// part of the file extension .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  returns   strips
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: builder enable builder on the job .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for supply contacts .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  modified   version

test:  restores the configuration from the database .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  scan   redirects
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  determine if the expression is a removed sql statement .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  load   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an s3 string to a native object .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  null   str
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test the representation of text .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return the python version of x is x .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  return   function
truth:  add   add

test:  check if a string is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students students in a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  compute   student

test:  guess zfs components of zfs .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check to see if a signature has invalid signature name .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  return   execution
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the likelihood likelihood function .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  decrypt   change
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  optionally numa fit .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  perform   compute
truth:  fit   fit

test:  tests that the grbm_smd compatibility function works as input folder .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  if   function
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that the fits output contains a entities status code .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  calculates a time from a timedelta object as a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  time   call
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  validates a host mapping .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  checks   command
truth:  validate   a

test:  try to determine the users browser header for the request .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  if   js
truth:  if   null

test:  checks whether two values are equal to elements in a and b .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   set
truth:  compare   elements

test:  returns either a url or a resource part of the given path .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check that all information are dynamic .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   try

test:  set up the model on which the tree is being created .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify function from a function x .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  returns the energy of the state of the node with its coefficients .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a list of resource ids to the database .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  modifies   null

test:  return a list of files for a given directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper to define a variable sampled summary of more sampled .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  to   normalization
truth:  attach   a

test:  convert a set of reference values into a protocol object .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator for the decorated extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   flask
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  filter the only run a specific location using docstring .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  function   function
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a list looks like a type .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  tests the text of a elide none .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  update default configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  return   set
truth:  default   default

test:  same as test_url_req_case_mismatch_file_index .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  builds   get
truth:  choose   null

test:  fake distutils .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  null   mask
truth:  files   files

test:  a simple way to zip a request .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  to   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the revision revision from git .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : ] .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  shortcut for pretty-printing if a combined credentials are not a typicalmemoryerror .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   return

test:  method decorator that returns a function with one argument .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a list of sample updates for those that are visible to and hugs hugs theory with sample pid .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  get   average
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute ttest of f and basis .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  computes   product
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns the current time as a string .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the output contains n first line specified the first line specified in the line .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  tuple   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  check filtering of a graph based on a list of node dependencies .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns the index of the maximum pairs in the pairs of a vowel pairs .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  turn   derivative
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a snapshot marked as a function .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   attempt
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  open   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the app for the given app .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the input props[u'lineoffset'] .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  a simple replacement for the resource kernel .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  returns   resource
truth:  to   hook

test:  split a leaf into a leaf .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  splits   tuples
truth:  split   expression

test:  change email handler .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  receives   view
truth:  password   password

test:  override this function ensures that the timeout exists in the timeout .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  override   override

test:  bump cache for given package is not in case of shop that is not given package .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  cache the cached symptom caching .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the current btmp string .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  return   try
truth:  get   get

test:  returns value from a json object .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  facebook   json
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a field with this field number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  parse   count
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to split the package name from either a python file or a python path .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  is   a
truth:  given   a

test:  removes duplicates from all root tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expand hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a string consisting of an acl swift swift swift swift swift acl string .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  accepts   function
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in quoted-printable .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of resources owned by the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass multiclass .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  returns the description of threaded of a description .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert mean values in the figure from the given header value to the corresponding mean value .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  order   field
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: rvm enable rvm of rvm answers for certain builds .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the surface from a surface .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  compute   symbol
truth:  null   surface

test:  in python 2 this is the default pony function .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  run and return wrapping wrapping multiple tests .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  subscribe a formated list in mailchimp .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  list   null
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if the image exists .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group items by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  returns   group
truth:  null   items

test:  returns a locale for a user with the given locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  username   json
truth:  null   null

test:  return connection to the i3 connection .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  returns   strings
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the notify instructor instructor objects for a given :class: .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dict with the given user preference for the given course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  get   method
truth:  gets   null

test:  save config dictionary to build python config file .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function for creating a row element-wise .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  the pprint for classes and types .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  function   a
truth:  base   pprint

test:  converts a scalar to a timedelta object .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   strings
truth:  test   a

test:  check the periodical configuration in the background .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require an arch linux package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  return a list of files that are dev to a list of files with contents of the current status .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  is   null
truth:  files   files

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a lazy test on a given target .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  creating   style
truth:  test   test

test:  given an absolute uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  function   try
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the subgraph of the connected component of g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  connected   generate

test:  returns all templates with name from the given set of templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  insert   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from dlmf distribution each row specifies the skimage [0 .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all quotas for a given quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  helper to iterate over the values of a given method .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  calculate   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  the loss function that supports the target attribute .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   data
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  returns true if any of the migration hue is 1 .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  be   a
truth:  null   migration

test:  borrowed from django .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add to email queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the current interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a collection of handlers from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  return the index of the maximum value along given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   x

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as a *cls object that should unpack_dents the managing for other arguments .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  ensure   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  returns the turan graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read file and encoding from filename and return its encoding .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  expands location credentials for images to the uris .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  surrounding   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a pool to a virtual member cli example: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check all workers in the given worker .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  if   stop
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a marketing link is any of the given marketing link .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the description of a sequence .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  the pprint for the pprint .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  find   print
truth:  null   pprint

test:  calculate the total codenames by a given class name .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with a major labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  provide the application events .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  null   events
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure vm is running on the computenode name : string name of vm or failure of vm cpu cpu : false name of vm cpu usage .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  return   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  clone a vdi and clone the new vdis with the provided clone .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   tool
truth:  clones   a

test:  display a message to the given error message .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  function   error
truth:  to   method

test:  usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  sanitize   null
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test disarmed with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  disarmed   encodes
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  use the llvm api to actually login if the user can persist a new password .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  demonstrates   wrapper
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup parser object for the provided group group group .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   options
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  just like mkdir command line application .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  set something something .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   create
truth:  set   gl

test:  clears the students rating for an instance .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  select   master
truth:  to   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if the position of a position is a position of integers .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  setting   position
truth:  check   check

test:  check that the cookiecutter with a cookiecutter without the cookiecutter function .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  load   create
truth:  call   call

test:  set the path to the destination directory for pth .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  set the view function mode to be tested .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  func   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string with lorem ipsum ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a message topic delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a decorator ensuring that a function is run in a transaction .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the dictionary mapping courseware names to their respective tabs .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  list   get
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a transformation to a base36 this is a clever bit to be a clever optimization .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the os rl_backward_delete_char directory for the given system .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  get   system
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the specified service is available .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated value .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an understandable error from jinja error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  use this include a test as an admin module .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  determine a dict to forward unit .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  copy   update
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split the given hosts into a list of hosts and port .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  split   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  save a child process .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  calculate the uptime uptime of the user for which the function will take seconds from days time .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  returns   toggle
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none if system exists .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  link link to text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  leading   remove

test:  creates a setext raster .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   version
truth:  save   a

test:  test that you cant purge the specified user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  default   merging
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a list of season exceptions that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a random asset key for the given user .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  read named ranges in xml .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   assert
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the latest release tags from a list of media_ranges and a most recent tags .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a logrotate script for the given logrotate .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  run a command using reverse .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  look   routine
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefixes .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  find a sequence and search results for each entry in query .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  null   list
truth:  search   search

test:  pad the list of paths to a container by default .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  helper for classes that supports the given args and return a set of attributes .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  add   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is installed .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert fontsize from the given length to a string .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   breakpoint
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a decorator that ensures that the decorated function is used in the wrapped application .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of user names in which the user belongs to .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  null   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the tests .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns an image object that can be used to convert three letter credentials to three other credentials .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the given definitions from the given string .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  check whether the current node is higher used .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  search   search

test:  delete a action for a keystone instance .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  initiate   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the uploaded view to verify the uploaded hash and the sha contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add a property to an existing property .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a set of two independent ports that are on the provider .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  function   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins and the plugin .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns a tuple containing the objects of an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  count   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a generator to generate ranges from a sequence of lines .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the username from the user .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make a new matlab from a 2d matlab .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  compute   eeg
truth:  create   create

test:  rotate polygon function for a polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  rotate   nothing
truth:  given   a

test:  an free host string .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  check   character
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine if the report is matching the list of dictionaries containing the keys of a report .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  find   in
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a prefixed prefixed closure found in the given state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  make   sets
truth:  given   a

test:  converts raw data in entity into a plain document .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  accept   accept

test:  returns the query for the given service .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a list of payment provider provider .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform a numpy array into a human readable array .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  query   list
truth:  transform   a

test:  generator function to generate stats stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns entries from the specified domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache to be used as the named callback .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enables   return
truth:  enable   enable

test:  helper to infer a single value for use with the given name .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  if   a
truth:  layout   layout

test:  set a pcs property of the live for the pcs extra_args additional options for creating a live live property command cibfile use instead of the live cib for creating the
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  for the given user .
truth: keep user . 
test:  process   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a new method that requires the one api .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   request
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the current test time object .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the aws account policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   get
truth:  account   account

test:  return a valid host for a given network .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the output of the cloud module .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function that returns the profile .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  find the candidates thats name in this library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   i
truth:  to   null

test:  if there is an old cached package .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a dotted path to a dotted path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  find   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the number of /usbkey/config .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   update
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  try to extract the little little endian code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the closest sensor from the zone sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  given a list of commands .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  list   list

test:  simple function to check if specified text is a valid domain name .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  use   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to wraps policy values to include policy checks the previous stats .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert the given file name to a octal file .
truth: using os . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  using   os

test:  generate support for support library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  support   function
truth:  support   support

test:  the see if the specified intent is valid .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get a list of delimiter classes from an axis .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the response to a cache header for a control request .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  gets the maximum value of the data for the given data .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter from a list of sequences based on top of sequences .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   filter
truth:  filters   filters

test:  converts db channel from db into json channel .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   method

test:  dont crash when examine command line was never be run .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  to   html
truth:  null   keyword

test:  given list of modules .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  create   list
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ips by floating ip .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  floating   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  given a list of il and il lists .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  model   neutron
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct reverse .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  get a list of targets that need to run a resources .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  get   email
truth:  find   find

test:  serialize a target pattern into a list of strings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  appends   dictionary
truth:  build   build

test:  build a list of tuples to deletes stack frame into a list of tuples .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  helper function for checking that returns true if the user has an staff wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert an arbitrary resource system to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the latest downloadable repository_metadata repository metadata from a specified repository or optionally a dict .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an xml document with a new element and its resulting .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  if   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller for gps waypoints .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all virtual_interfaces for a given instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  count   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  return true if the number is prime .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  takes   number

test:  xml_attributes xml_attributes are none if there are no breaking in seq .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a test method that takes the given filename and returns the appropriate oauth message .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the xml string to use for calling db .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits given array along variables along each along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  list   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a rrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  fit dask model .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   conditioning
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  the _tricube for the multivariate frame .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  return   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  uses the user read and parse the output from a document_class file and return a list of all fully names .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  list   list
truth:  uses   a

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  mark   names
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of objects for a cloudformation revision .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  check if two strings are greater than one of the two strings .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the nvp status of a given cluster .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  return   handles
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convert a timedelta to a timedelta .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  create   seconds
truth:  return   return

test:  resource endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  checks if the given args is a valid bgp string .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  return   null
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new api api service .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list console entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   list
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  recursively handle extra whitespace from the given model .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  null   a
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return message to string .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  make sure the apache module is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  convert string columns holding the database to inet .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  p   call
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return those items in seq .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if and only if specified technique is discounted for this host .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test for normjoin .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  given a course_key .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  convert   course

test:  returns multivariate polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  works   works
truth:  confine   null

test:  install tornado .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  install   install
truth:  set   set

test:  a decorator useful to define a test method .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  adds   a

test:  open or specified cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the container info for a container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   information

test:  creates a most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  rolls   update
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  execute a pem command .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  text   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  checks that g is strongly regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular expression .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decode values from nt received facial facial sequence appears to nt representation .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install one or more packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  return a dictionary mapping prefix to a given instance .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a queryset for the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a problem and a student to a student .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized dashboard dashboard with the given activity stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  profiling   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  test local abstractconv image can be greater than ethtools_pppoe_opts if the local shape is given .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  long long topology topology to numa .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  extract   null

test:  validates the id for the numbers in a passed in .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validate   validation
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return the first element of the numpy element .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  give a rule to make sure it easier to a rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the named host is absent name the groupname of the user to remove .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  deletes   function
truth:  ensure   a

test:  attempts to wrap a draft version for the given location .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  returns   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline data for stock func .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  check that the value of the key exists in the cache .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   seconds
truth:  to   check

test:  help function to get and return a gpg msg if it is not already installed .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  force   null
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search configuration dictionary .
truth: return query string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie header with the given charset and return a tuple of the appropriate value .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse options and build a list of ao parser .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  display   processes
truth:  parse   argv

test:  wait until a gw gw has been reached successfully .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  fires   a

test:  given a course_key .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  convert a single file to output file on the specified integers .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  process   os
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table of some of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  evaluate a c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   c*x**i
truth:  subtract   null

test:  current server manager cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  returns the number of the array of data .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  dtype   data
truth:  maps   maps

test:  add a property or multiindex from the zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to get the profile from user .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  returns   disk
truth:  null   case

test:  sets a target attribute on the target list .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  transforms   example
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  put image to tp as the correct trend .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  put   compare
truth:  null   null

test:  return the line number of the current line .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  api method to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  a context manager to load a temporary zip zip file .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute dipole connectivity for a previous_value_columns user .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  find all tests for a specific python module .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  test whether a string exists cli example: .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  sets   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  computes the euclidean distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a list of strings into a string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  like scalars .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  return the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract the credentials from the given environment .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   consul

test:  marks the entire users oauth for a single user .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroy   user
truth:  destroys   null

test:  sets a translation matrix by setting a translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   matrix

test:  returns the photo info dictionary from the photo and a photo .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate descriptor for recursively parse the descriptor of the test .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  create   create
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues the opt-out email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute area similarity similarity is the jaccard classification .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   similarity

test:  returns the authentication auth url from a given url .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  ensure that value is a valid integer .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  pull a new email for the given account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  works like ipython predicate but captures for use in a list of strings .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  time   encode
truth:  turns   a

test:  train units on the network on the contents of the dataset .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  construct   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a rewrite_links() string into a products of non-empty .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  =   null
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an instance of a response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generates standard normal variates with serial correlation .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper method for methods that creates an unknown type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check if a given object has a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   cuda

test:  this function is used to make the plot one .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  load   date
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using the distance of a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the cloud provider with a dictionary .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to change owner or group of article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  null   user
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device by addr .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update the agent on the given agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  request   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  builds an instance of the string .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  return   apply
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is created .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  declare the application under the code running on a web environment .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  start   works
truth:  parses   parses

test:  merge a pull request into the :py:func:urlparse api on a recommend child api .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  wait   data
truth:  attempt   a

test:  return an absolute url to the model class .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list of tuples to ensures that all multiple user strings are being created in explicit with .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  null   setting
truth:  find   find

test:  make sure the test controller controller .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return which user is rights to use when .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given host matches the given host .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  determine   host
truth:  host   host

test:  test test fixture to return a users user .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   create

test:  notify to notify addresses of recipients from recipients .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  email   null
truth:  calls   a

test:  fixes the average of all normal tools .
truth: version of node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  make a interpreter from a module when possible an empty module fails .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random blob-ish used to randomly data .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  null   function
truth:  index   index

test:  syntax syntax to cloudwatch server .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  processes   socket
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  returns the celery settings for a specific request .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  to   view
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image by adding round order to an oversampled shape .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  writes a file list to disk .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the calendar info for a particular calendar .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert text to a single example .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  render   binary
truth:  build   build

test:  pads a number with structured containers .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pad   group
truth:  null   sequence

test:  merge multiple errors in an error .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find a near correlation matrix that is a permutation of a rawturtle matrix .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   grammar
truth:  find   find

test:  optionally a decorator to bind the table names to a table .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper to find the first item in expr .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  return   run
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the first rms of data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  rms   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check that the minimum score arent supported .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  recursively convert x and y values into the dictionary .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the categorical crossentropy between two distributions .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate a partition and a partition to a partition and a partition .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing from the os distribution .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  called if the middleware pauses .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  start   wsgi
truth:  error   error

test:  elementwise sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   equation
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  returns more info as json .
truth: adds site . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper function for the negative spherical harmonic from a gaussian distribution .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   product

test:  convert a long integer into an array of byte values .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  convert   bytes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  calculate the torrent seeds for a given seeds .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts an iterable of pages to a list of pages .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install the package with parsed events .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  install   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for information .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  returns a list of supported page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  context manager that ignores all of the profile profile .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  copies the sortoptions into the search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  index   index

test:  return the div[@id] platform for the "icons:" package .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new filesystem device for thread/comment .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the authentication for a specific configuration .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  merge multiple results into a single list .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check a handler for a handler with a handler mac address .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  check   check
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  finds and returns a unittest modules that would exist in a package .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip test decorator for a test if internalhash is true .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   tests
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return the commit header as a tuple .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  test restart a process with a quitting .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   flavor

test:  get a signal with a given name .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  return   host
truth:  get   a

test:  check to make sure two is mounted .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  is   y
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  command   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  add an ssh public key to the ssh public key and name .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create a vlm_media of a given file .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display all date/time date/time which will called during a course .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  list   course
truth:  show   show

test:  decode the given file in path .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  reads   html
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  drange confidence dstart .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure that a file exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a path which backward a base base name for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts d-bus string to a unicode string .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test max and same values in same in same same as values .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a format string representation of a format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  code returns a port number .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a variable is less than other than other memory .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the value to currency according to currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to run on .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  validator for means of means that are registered in the somewhat .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   class
truth:  validate   validate

test:  retrieve the contents of the given file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  file   uses
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  view for views .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator to mark a function as unsafe:: @unsafe .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  like locatefilename .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  in the certificate the certificate file this is a no-op version of the certificate to use the certificate in cert_file at boot .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  function   handles
truth:  return   return

test:  add a message to the log .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  displays   color
truth:  prints   prints

test:  compute the freedman bins of a proportion .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  reconstruct   compute
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms class for a given type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract a key from a path .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  navigate   data

test:  get list of users labels for each user .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the area of the first select .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   a

test:  delete keyword using the same name of a fits file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a version string with the version of the original version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  if the supplied test .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   python
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check the version of a given version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  convert the projected key of the registry to its projected key .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  value   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  the output of digest .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  print   print
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extended euclidean algorithm in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is installed .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  exclude the home directory if possible .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  exclude   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a cidr id or id .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   check
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all open threads for the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify the characteristics methods doesnt contain a metaclass class .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  returning   null
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator to add a action to an existing action .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  find a package in a datacenter .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  find   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog by name .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  create   name
truth:  creates   a

test:  a convenience decorator to ensure a validator method is available .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  call   resource
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  calculate all arrays for a cluster with respect to the cov defined by sandwich .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  matches   matches

test:  check user for ajax logged in request and return the build layer .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  send   interface
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   group
truth:  null   resource

test:  warn the message to stderr .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  warn   a
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of user names .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  spartist - search spotify spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the vdi chain is a vdi .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  create a tracked files from a list of files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a factory that returns the appropriate property store .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  reindex an alert push subscription and sets the update subscription to the course subscription .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  transforms   tests
truth:  sends   a

test:  build the python modules into the python directory .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  generate   converts
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  returns the courseusergroup id for a group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns ipv4 address value from a given ip .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  copies document to a relative document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  flask   document
truth:  document   document

test:  return a list of available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether a file exists in the filename matches the filename .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  return   return

test:  solc arguments for data_format .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  behave   a
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in templates modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  returns true if the given object is a older distance .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  return the inverse of the given array .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  returns   bit
truth:  finds   null

test:  finder skips a full index for the user .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of available roles .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a given like name .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  find   hash
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent user_display
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  null   example

test:  separate the interface from the input interface to a list of arrays .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  takes   data
truth:  show   show

test:  enable concurrency checks .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get a list of signature signature .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  function   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the path to the current script for a specific script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a notebook truthy/falsey notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  normalize css statistics to a file .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  perform   deseq2vs
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  return the error code returned via the function .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   checking
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tag a release release a release in the tag .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  start   function
truth:  specified   tag

test:  encode path as a unicode string .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a new resource with the provided views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   a
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieve an index object for the given name and async .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  return   show
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current request is currently associated with a associated site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a given array to a numpy array .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  converts   python

test:  test for a table with 'unit' .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  test   test

test:  like providers[provider_name] .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorate a function to invoke multiple threads from an assignment_two_params .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns absolute path to an existing model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  null   list
truth:  return   a

test:  an expression with the same arguments and subs .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  returns   nodes
truth:  substitute   values

test:  this view is blank .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  render   view
truth:  noop   noop

test:  compile positional with spaces and kwargs .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  takes   args

test:  remove all memory memory from the config .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  log   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   skeinforge
truth:  get   meta

test:  executes a single schema .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  null   text
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_orientation works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get shaft mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  apply the vagrant name to the current operating system .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  set a scheduled resume after the subprocess .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  append   null
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parse the response from a space-separated list of tokens .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   text
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the spacing matrix for the given device size .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  look   null
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  call f with given arguments .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   linodes

test:  a convenience generator that yields the decorated segments .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the given url is html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  returns a field name that should be used to refer from the honored .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a paragraph of text to a maximum line .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  skip a test if the decorated test is greater than the passed command .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip points horizontally .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  launches   index
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries available to the logged in the request .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   information
truth:  list   list

test:  return the trace of a matrix .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  server   server
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   configures
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group type access for the given type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   get

test:  equalize an image into the spatio-temporal hist .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  equalize   check
truth:  return   image

test:  set a cache connection to download a cache .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  helper function .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  compresses   a

test:  this function returns a key for the given key in a s3 binary string .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  create an pid process .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   pid

test:  get a list of vagrant config .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  checks   get
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a volume is a volume group by using the specified name .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  remove   class
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize a review counts for the request .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initialize   returns
truth:  initializes   null

test:  activate the number of bits that are followed by the whole result .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  handle   -
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the top matching the top 'month' order of a resulting month .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  load   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns a new tree that can converts a nested tree to a nested tree .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  if using a request .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  verify that they are equal .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  conditionally debug directory to debug .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  changes   command
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a link is a mount point .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  remove a file or a directory .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager to manage the code of code that are always from the slaves .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all the migration zone .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  construct an latex tree that is .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  gets   one
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for all available artifact .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  try to login the most appropriate view in a http login view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  build an instance requests dictionary from the instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   up

test:  test epochs psd psd psd .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that checks if a cgsnapshot has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate __init__ file paths .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   infinite
truth:  write   null

test:  parses the given string and return the flexget timestamp .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   32bit
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url this one uses wcs .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return all instructor tasks that are running tasks for the given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  list   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new matrix from a list of integers .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  monkey-patch a unix entry-point of a weird event given a module .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  muxer the existing thread to the database .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  create   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  executes a simple task that will async from the given service .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to create an existing profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  create   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return one figure number .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   endpoint
truth:  get   get

test:  test reading a deprecated file .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure that line is ignored .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  get the recommendation with a given topic .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  allow turning data to be created from the database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  fixes   a
truth:  null   in

test:  make an image from a feature .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  produces   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return all euler dictionaries with duplicate points in *nspfxs .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until the variable with the browser we get and to run from the browser .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate by weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncates   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get convex hull of a point .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  get   get

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a dict or list of dicts .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   key
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats a string to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  seekable seekable for strings that are strings .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  compare   encodes
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   send_catch_log
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  send an email to the user added form .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  send   a

test:  test that set even function works even if exception arent provided .
truth: if a . 
test:  confirm   verifies
truth:  if   a

test:  validates that a string is a positive integer or zero .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  value   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  "left_pad" the missing microversion header .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  deprecated   like
truth:  log   a

test:  saves the users and store the given instance to the when a users group .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  emits   a

test:  nearest intersection of point in a package .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  find   output
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  get   up
truth:  value   value

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks current representation of a filename .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  setting   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the handler for the threaded threaded service .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   a

test:  create the app app .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  fill   copies
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   a

test:  find if a table is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  if   table
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a ipv6 response into a ipv6 port .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test end to end test for hug result .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  end   github
truth:  end   end

test:  fixture that provides a temporary blob with a google api .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  connect a tool to a given server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  require   use
truth:  function   function

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   check

test:  uploads a many folder and pass it to the trees .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  encrypts an encrypted varblock file using the given key .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  like oauth .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  a wrapper for the readline-style eta .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in the system (same as a namedtuple .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   cpu
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts list of cron objects into a list of label order .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  add intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   add

test:  calculates the harmonic harmonic from a given array of squares size .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  slices   slices

test:  wraps a simple keyword arguments by kwargs and add its kwargs to the function .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  use this decorator to override the memoize method .
truth: create a property . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirects the user to the referrer view .
truth: takes request . 
test:  default   handler
truth:  request   request

test:  a simple custom 404 404 .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  returns the main application .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  load a session file from the given filename and return it .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  read   a
truth:  load   load

test:  uses filter() to get a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  show   request
truth:  get   a

test:  create a link to src or another link .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   links
truth:  to   attempts

test:  strips latest info from a string .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  returns   release
truth:  to   try

test:  returns true if the given directory has a valid base info .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  if   return
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a boolean of the members of a given profile .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - instantaneous trendline .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses the timestamp from the provided timestamp .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   filter
truth:  parses   parses

test:  reverse cloud unicode of the desired sender of a given message .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  null   method

test:  use this function to verify a file can be created with the target .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  compute an array of samples in the qcut or time .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the given test passes something with a given message .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the best available docstring of a specified tuple .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  null   like
truth:  null   quotient

test:  helper function for checking if a string is an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  convert icrs to a fk matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  convert   point
truth:  null   null

test:  perform the twitter dance .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  command   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  tries to find a valid date for a given field .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add a user as a dns name .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  server   port
truth:  add   a

test:  import the given stack .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  import   a
truth:  move   move

test:  a slightly - optionnally corpus .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  detect   trace
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns the url for a given view with the given arguments .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list the names of all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the correct location to use .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an existing tag .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a clsid class .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the path of a directory .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove the given text from the beginning of a line .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  ensure   data
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a string .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  null   in

test:  ensures that the runner created from the timeout exists and is created .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  is   null
truth:  make   a

test:  looks up a updater by name .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  return   a

test:  create a simple simple simple binding in running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return whether or not a path is a directory .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the sensor axes and 2sigma used for bufr .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  look at the python interpreter file and prevent that we are always current user .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  fix   fixes
truth:  open   open

test:  given a url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return the data for a particular guido .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix keys .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset of each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return the menu class for the given instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  switch the type of a decorated function .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the binary file from ifname to the file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  write   create
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  you are children of our manually .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  serializing   null

test:  local total seconds' for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  behave   python
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : deposit_type : rate:% .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a new stonith stonith instance with the unordered stonith options for the pcs stonith alternating alternating alternating alternating stonith command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the files stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   domain
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function is the nodes of a figure .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get the first permalink path based on its id .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create a task .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  train and train a dataset .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  autoencoder   attempts
truth:  executes   null

test:  check to make sure trailing spaces in trailing spaces are trailing spaces .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  test   table
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all enabled services cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure an event is matched .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  accept   event
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application as an application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  null   close
truth:  close   close

test:  returns a bool whether the current node is a debug application .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  if   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether the user can access the descriptor for other users in the course .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper to output mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  make   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  builds a dictionary of data that can be used to provide the data for other meant .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   dictionary
truth:  print   print

test:  simple utility to check to make sure the preload for event is to deprecated .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   check

test:  instantiate and return the roles for a given collection .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  pad   null
truth:  modify   methods

test:  filter out otu table and otu samples from the otu table .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filters   otu
truth:  filter   otu

test:  gprs enquiry section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  request   request
truth:  null   null

test:  load a monomials file .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  return   regression
truth:  load   a

test:  checks to see if project is valid .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a valid api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return installed packages of a specific package name the name of the package .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  server   info
truth:  get   get

test:  convenience function to get partitioned or generating generating exception .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  importing   test
truth:  using   null

test:  creates a new room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  post   post

test:  compute the series inversion integral of the series inversion examples .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  find   find
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  load the specified xml file and return the domain object .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  define   a

test:  return the storage repository without destroying the vdis within .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  power the rabbitmq global configuration .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  request   power

test:  a simple wrapper around hours .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper method to parse the next tag for a person .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  defining   text
truth:  return   return

test:  patch ms ms .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get the application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  obtain a string from a possible token .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  output   try
truth:  token   token

test:  context manager to delete an object from the given object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  swap   manager
truth:  set   set

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  load   function
truth:  check   check

test:  show a list of available commands .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  see   null

test:  tests to ensure the inline type correctly handles a dictionary .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  checks whether the given element is a valid check_print_compat element .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns true if i should have a time .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  preferred   step
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the string to use of processes .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track track .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to decode a bit from a raw file .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  check that the mailchimp list in the mailchimp log list exists and are resets the same name as the list of lists to check if the course list auth lists
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return the version of the specified kernel cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of module objects .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  import   import

test:  display whether a user has subscriptions subscriptions to the given user_id .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  change   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the pwd_hash from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  returns a list of all localizer languages found in the given language .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  download   return
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a uninitialized tensor from the given descriptor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached setting for a given destination setting .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  adds   api
truth:  null   api

test:  convert a given decimal components to a tuple of colors .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can import this module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  run a command and read the output .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  check   wrapper
truth:  call   a

test:  helper to create an initialized document .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  process   function
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of order .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validates the given arguments against an argument .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete instance_type information from a flavor entry .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   instance_type
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  initializes the module name from the given logger .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  expands an http fpath to the musicbrainz output .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  expand   path
truth:  returns   a

test:  draw a bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  table with twoline line numbers and the asdl line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  test   text
truth:  read   read

test:  helper function to find a module in python 2 .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  load a template from a template .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the name of a datastore scalar .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  computes the gaussian mean of a gaussian distribution .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  null   location
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all attributes of attributes in an out-of-line list .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   add
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized title .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  sign a data mac address .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  multiply   data
truth:  null   mac

test:  add global or modules to the given object .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  missing   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  register the function to be called with a specific plim .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  registers   registration
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  returns the logged of a specified user .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  shut down the beets usage: .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shutdown   information
truth:  shut   null

test:  replace spaces with a single space .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  null   html
truth:  text   text

test:  tests a booleans that the format where the format is easy to the function .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  check   function
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a function that produces the given source channels .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  find   a
truth:  do   null

test:  a context manager to mock the albums .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  to   mocks
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if node is an subscription subscription on any node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  query   checks
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the notification type for the given user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a temp directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a block in a block of autoserv autoserv .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache if the cache header is none or the cache is in cache .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  returns   cache
truth:  create   create

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a dict describing an ini configuration from ini .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  returns   config
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is installed .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  get   load
truth:  work   work

test:  find all available hierarchy for the country we have an idempotent hierarchy .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  prompts   crud
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  initializes the package as globals for bloom offset .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  init   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the short version of string in format .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister an email hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   hook
truth:  unregister   null

test:  returns a list of parts required to be used in the given model .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of available vm sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the plugin name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  plugin   find
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  function to decorate tests .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  function   messages
truth:  mark   method

test:  checks whether keyring keyring is present on the system .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  prepare   course
truth:  is   keyring

test:  recursively walk a list .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  confirmation of activate_this .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  toggle watching the widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  returns   generation
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  takes an existing subsection grade and updates the subsection grade .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  enhanced   task
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  print help information .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name : string name of words to check filter_words : string the words of words of words : this name of words in words
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  return the list of all miscs nodes .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  return   update
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   file
truth:  open   open

test:  waits for the service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  stop   stop

test:  adds an :math:k socket to the server .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  try to figure out the versions from the git checkout .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   version
truth:  get   version

test:  copies the entries in arr to a tuple .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist expr | ruleitem .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   example
truth:  translate   translate

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  strip   whitespace
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  add an element to f in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  take   generator
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  remove a filename from a fits file .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  header   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  format the status for a github status .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  helper function to apply to a request object .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  is   null

test:  l2 a l2loss .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  add   i

test:  generate a port range for a *ufunc* .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   generate
truth:  encode   a

test:  filename filename wraps the given arguments .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  select   null
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  a view decorator to allow mechanism mechanism to decide if theres a resource .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  null   like
truth:  null   null

test:  return the full module .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  module   module

test:  this function is called by the function receives all integer operators in the given prefix .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  create   return
truth:  url   url

test:  returns the given value in a package .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  passing a delimiter from a bad delimiter .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  raise   values
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test fortran-style from a db .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a long shape to the appropriate number of shape .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  tuple   gradient
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a string that can be used as a string .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  decode   in
truth:  function   function

test:  run a asset asset process .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  query   vms
truth:  executes   null

test:  add consistent dimensions of a consistent chart chart in a dataset .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert id to its id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  convert   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  use multinomial for a network shape .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  refine   function
truth:  tests   tests

test:  remove the named group from the the system name the name of the user to remove users .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  helper method that checks whether a phone number is a phonenumber code .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if path can be a hexidecimal type .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  fully fully or truncate a hostname based on its name .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when the scenario matches .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  splits   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick data type channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  always returns none .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  null   a
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  attempt to add a new disk image to the vm exported .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  builds   function
truth:  function   function

test:  copy data to a temporary directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  create   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  internal function to convert a certificate to a bigip .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  null   method

test:  print the compute info in a record content .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  print   get
truth:  null   column

test:  return the version of the portaudio .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the given package .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  if   checking
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  benchmark function of iterables .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  ensure that the preferred plugins is specified in ~/ .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   contexts

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   chocolatey
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a generator that generates the elements of a list of expressions .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  returns   truncate
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a status message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only load if statistics are installed on the system .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  return   statistics

test:  runs the modules whether to make it available on the system .
truth: execute app . 
test:  if   null
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull out the states of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  return   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  check that the given token matches the given criteria flow .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove a users viewpoint from the episodes .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   shows
truth:  remove   a

test:  fetch an lyricswiki widget .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  where the devices of the devices and the system .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  processes   function
truth:  use   threads

test:  creates a requestspec object from the list of recipients and assigns it to the corresponding recipients .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  given   md5
truth:  return   return

test:  fail unless the expected_paths of the package contains all the paths specified .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  scans   asserts
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given logger is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  generate a2ensite id .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  return   os
truth:  -   -

test:  return the item where the list is true .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  check   a
truth:  count   count

test:  prepare a nn model and different classes .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt3 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the current time time :return: the current time time :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   return
truth:  get   get

test:  load a repository from the given repository path .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  split   load
truth:  parse   a

test:  unshares photos from existing episodes in the specified device .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  add   execution
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  respect a system of a linear system of a int_0^oo term .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a new repo instance .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  make the http url to the given wsgi server .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a class from the images of a given coordinates .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  applies   signal
truth:  output   output

test:  indicates whether we can show deleted .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  if   check
truth:  calculates   null

test:  insert the entire osx into the solutions .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  unpacks   install
truth:  to   setup

test:  returns a module-level package for the package like which contains been created .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  this function performs the area of an arbitrary threads .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  converts a signal with a ctrl .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  install   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  tries to show the version of a device .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  send   y
truth:  show   show

test:  convert a plugin path to a zip file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a block storage volume name server to build server name server name server to use for a connection cli example: .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  retrieves   block
truth:  block   block

test:  saves a new user with a new contributions for a new user_id .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  commits   a

test:  determine which callback is a correctly for interacting with a dependency .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  decodes   create
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a new snapshot snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  a simple wrapper around fragment .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  display   logger
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by a simple nodes in the graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   merging
truth:  to   callback

test:  sort an iterable of recently tuples by longer the parameters .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  sort   key
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the package from the tracker .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns the name of the characters with the given number .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  given a compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  get   get

test:  user wants to perform one or more user input validation .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  prompt   users

test:  read the type of the category from the filename .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current track track .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  return the name of the instance currently being stripped .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by polymorphic the statement and statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to get the list of sections for the given series .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper to return multivariate initialized of f in k[x] .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  give   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tell the binary method at the location of the list .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  apply many branching rules into one .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  creates a single index for testing .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  split   email
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the host .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  join   host
truth:  turns   null

test:  save a given audio interface for the given audio interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  create   like
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the language-code thats for the language-code variant .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  saves the configuration file to a python configuration file .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   configuration

test:  calculate the p-th objective function for the given precision .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  to   compute
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  builds a test suite for the geos tests .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   unittest
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  show the preferred preferred channel .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  trigger   info
truth:  send   send

test:  make a fixture that can be httpbin in any of the test .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  stubs   request
truth:  patch   patch

test:  a caching version of the received repository revision .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  provide fw set of central rules .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get input data and default values .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  null   drop
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile a file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  compile   *
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  convert help help help object into a json string .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns a tuple of the schemes type .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  returns   packdb
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load a resource from the dump .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  find   create
truth:  file   file

test:  decorator factory used to mark a method as input from the given function .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  a lighter-weight method for tests .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  to   text
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  given   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  generates a numpy array of nodes that are equal to b .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  relative relative integer corresponding to current qimage .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the given files from the given uploaded file and return the given page .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  xml   link
truth:  read   read

test:  get the authenticated connection and logout out of the undo undo .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  get   a

test:  get all metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  makes a sample from a fit or an array of sample values .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  null   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the version of the cache setting for the current request .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   set

test:  getrandomnumber:long return an n-bit random number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this visual an in-memory in-memory implementation .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   list
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a cache instance for the given path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  returns   spatial
truth:  am   am

test:  print an error message to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  exit   print
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses source file .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  determines   parse
truth:  end   end

test:  convert a string to a sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  fail the test immediately with the message and optionally true if either an exception .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  decorate   character
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  create a new service service instance with the specified configuration in the :term:view file name and return a dictionary .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert an integer into a float .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get or set the radial ticklines for a polar ticklines .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 c3d instances .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  control   null
truth:  given   null

test:  used to recursively copy a directory from the salt master path to the master config file .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  send   a

test:  this function determines whether a specified events should be created for an supported message .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  build   a
truth:  to   changes

test:  decorator to force all tables from the same configuration .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  runs   drop
truth:  force   force

test:  given a string .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  to   a
truth:  string   string

test:  set the stubs entry in the global registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  check if pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the harrell-davis mean of values along given axis .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  returns   uploads
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a portage package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add arguments only used if running mulled over a whole conda argument .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  add   arguments
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check if the given node is supported .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  makes   check
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  simple wrapper around 180 .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  build   reboot
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the number of bytes required to hold a message .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a file items in a given path .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   items

test:  delete the given senderkey signal from the senderkey signal .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string path .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  show a list of page missing missing revision .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  if   null

test:  return a new ripemd160 functions .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   a

test:  group sums by dummy variables parameters x : str the dummy variable or integer randomly .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   group
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given map .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that the given path isnt an nginx .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  check   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  show   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate the peaks corner measure between -1 and li .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  create   null
truth:  find   corners

test:  given an object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  find   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an existing module .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  list   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the database with the given created was created .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  add   null
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that the results of a collection export exists and has a single dl format .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator that enables a 'salt method by adding a 'salt to it .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing area section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  reconstruct   a
truth:  routing   area

test:  load a file with the specified name and return the contents of the file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   courses
truth:  null   controller

test:  reads the dictionaries from a file .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   method

test:  reads the docker-compose file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different different different output .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  a version of 'merge' .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator which causes a method to be called on closed .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect receiver from sender .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  module   null
truth:  testing   sys

test:  create a dictionary mapping dummies from numbers to labels .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  create   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  this is a decorator which takes a function as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisor on a hypervisor .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  force   readpreferencetags
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  replace spaces in a string with a single version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  create   a

test:  revision a revision from a given utf8 .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  restore   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  return a dictionary with the elements of the string grouped by the lists of the keys .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   table

test:  command : next id lparen id .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether the system is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  construct the exact arguments in order to the given arguments .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ban add to ban and cleanup .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  module   a
truth:  null   page

test:  gets the data for the given username .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check the expected value of the text against the 'thejsononthepageshouldbe .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  check   check

test:  a regression test for a bug that uses a positive warning .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a gcode message and return the commands object .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  index page for authenticated users request .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  returns   page
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  formats   a

test:  create network link in intf connections .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  starts   replaces
truth:  run   run

test:  sample from bits at a tensor .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  perform   sum
truth:  sample   sample

test:  create a url string from a endpoint .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a long to decimal .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  return   agent
truth:  create   create

test:  dump message immediately to stdout .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the largest largest of the graph g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate the paginated paginated for the given url .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a datastore record based on the datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  make   a
truth:  access   access

test:  after the user .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  command   password
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the variable is uppercased .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  if   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  rendered   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  convert a time from a time or network string of bytes into a time .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  function   time
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects endpoints if the function is not required .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  include a path that matches the given path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  return   path
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the number of positive month of the singular system currently to randomly the singular of the singular or evil .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  if   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks that the given language is only the given language .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed the given album into maxwidth log files .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   users
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert a dictionary of bytes to a long .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  sends   convert
truth:  convert   argument

test:  list all nat rules for the installed module .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  list   media
truth:  list   list

test:  does the linux jobs are bind into a module .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   propagation

test:  converts a list of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a list of active steps .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  did   null

test:  convert a pandas name to the corresponding subset of the name .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  read   a

test:  return the path to a newly created temporary directory .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts the http basic credentials from the http request .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  dont use grammar .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  if   assert
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if the component_filter based on the osx tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  looks up the object repr .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize the files with the given target if available .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   up

test:  calculate all cyclic string representation of a metasploit string .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  convert user to a dict .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  to   integer
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a list of documentation from source and jump the language code .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  return   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns the requested xml definition for the specified xml .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  assign a single value to a add_positions diagram of a and return the values for the states .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  if   filters
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert the permanences .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  adds additional methods to bootloader via bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are up promiscping .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   arp
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree in the trees which match the given pattern in the trees .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the first again of a text in the corresponding database .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  find   one
truth:  handle   handle

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  skip test decorator for testing output .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  not working function for gce with the given name .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   update
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function that returns a list of index names for a given key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  find   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  because bing has to be a single space .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   letter
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper that can be called multiple images on the test .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  determine   image
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install the config file for publishing the test .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  cool   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get the path to the ico' files .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decompress iterator on iterator of like optimization .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  turn   check
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  create a rational .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  create   get
truth:  record   record

test:  an http error handler that runs a single wsgi application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  find   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return all instances for the provided host .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  host   get
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator for measure .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  running   socket
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  load   something
truth:  import   a

test:  check processing function mounted on the system .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  callback   callback

test:  restores the configuration and update cached values from the database .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  prevent   assert
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like sys .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  boolean   replace
truth:  decode   a

test:  get current repository and time of the repository .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   null

test:  a wrapper to synchronized a lock on a local prefix .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  object   object

test:  runs ctc loss algorithm on each element of the cross-entropy .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return a list of available keyring names cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  return   x
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  wraps the first argument of a function .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return the currently set of the (e .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   current

test:  returns the disk size for a linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a number .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   in

test:  convert the yaml list of yaml files found on a given state .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  show all the running configuration on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   show
truth:  return   a

test:  googledrive all the folders under the folder as well as a folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  check   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   response

test:  cast x to the same type as x .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   update
truth:  delete   a

test:  converts an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a condition to become a condition .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  use port to find the underlying cloud cli example: .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  stop   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  helper to easily define a warning warning for calling the prop method .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  to   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorator for adding the methods that may be a method .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  ensures   class
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a detailed object for the specified network .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the provided document and check the user .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if cfg is installed .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list all of the installed certificates cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   null

test:  writes the given data to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator for setting up a custom model with a custom model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  find   get
truth:  create   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  api: call k .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  apply   group
truth:  null   groups

test:  creates a new model with the given parameters .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: shining execute a shining plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : expr .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  perform a precision function using the given precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  calculate   row
truth:  round   round

test:  remove the cases from an expression tree .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create nested arrays from each input data .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  null   version
truth:  generate   a

test:  function to iterate over the given code object .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  log   replaces
truth:  code   code

test:  convert an integer to a string .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  process   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets an iis rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  package   get
truth:  get   get

test:  adds an entity by updating it with the given object type .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  store   update
truth:  call   call

test:  compute sample frequencies of a real image .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  generate a gradient in circle format .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  produces   handler
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the nodes of the graph g .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the url to a given token .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse out the openid response from the current request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  null   url
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return data to a specified returner .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  retrieve   data
truth:  return   data

test:  find a longest hash that matches the input hash .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  finds   utility
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the ip address contained within the session .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  default   ip
truth:  fills   in

test:  returns a list of notifications for which the modules are marked as one or more given :class:layer .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   notifications

test:  check if current line contains implemented implemented in triple-double-quoted or begin .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  logs   compression
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert an image to a floats input image .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is a list .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  recover   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin plugin .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   copies
truth:  enable   enable

test:  checks if a url is an ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test basic font glyph .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loading   loading

test:  returns a uri given a uri and a template .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  transform legacy uri into *uri* .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  transform   a

test:  check the unicode bug labels for one or more flavor .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  calculate the flattened detrend linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  get the current system info on the system .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  s   state
truth:  returns   a

test:  the reader should mimic mimic the behavior of the field which represent the program .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   encodes
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  updates art for given string .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  walk   art
truth:  return   art

test:  tests the existing root view and not the user .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   egg
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine the similarity between two values .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  cleanup   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a class object that implements the given model class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  convert a "surrogateescape" property into a string .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  indices   matrixsvg
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a variable creation variable with a custom creation variable .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  null   callable
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check whether the user can delete an acl on a review .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether we can connect to an error .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers workers .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current terminal encoding .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   check
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a analyze analyze string .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   role
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_work_dim() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates two exits to a two rooms a two rooms .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the number of numbers of a and 1 .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  remove the xml element .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a simple ajax logsbuffer instance .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all nic and their nics .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  list   set
truth:  create   network

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   tuple
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  clear all of the certificates in the specified version of the dashboard .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  pending   close
truth:  existing   list

test:  get only the first element in nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate a b-spline or its derivatives .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  write pil metadata to pil format .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  write   states
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove the string from the given string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   returns
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return an album object for all plugins stored in plugins .
truth: as above . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  release media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  indicates   media
truth:  get   media

test:  return a list of the guests for a given host .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  determine if server list are specified on this minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services belonging to a consistency binary .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   services

test:  test the function x : array-like returns a pytables .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalizes a dataframe to a pandas dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  time   normalize
truth:  replace   series

test:  given a unit and a unit values .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  seconds   description
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the user has a 405 request .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  to   start
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   queries
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a server configuration name a value to use in the minion .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  scalar is an reset of the normal distribution .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test label sign when source is a label .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  executes   test
truth:  label   label

test:  return the similar entries as a list of template .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  insert a package from the global server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the about the about the vim .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   integer
truth:  get   get

test:  given a line of the text .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  object   helper
truth:  handles   handles

test:  convert an ipv4 address to an ipv6 address .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of matching denied .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  render   null
truth:  denied   user

test:  create a devicerecord that is like ary .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  call   cuda

test:  convert an integer to a string .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  returns a template object that can be used to get the template .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  display   load
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  replace spaces with an empty string with a single space .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  return   whitespace
truth:  normalize   a

test:  calculate the minimum of the values of an n-d image array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  toggle an event on the operation .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   setting
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  checks if the given arguments in keyword arguments is a partial function .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  assume   check
truth:  like   like

test:  get the line with the given line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes the index of a complex most output .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parses a number .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  expects   null

test:  create an action that pairwise a new app instance .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  null   run
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper for weak broken server .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects of the given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  add entities to a custom fields if it doesnt exist .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  retrieve   tests
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given document has permissions for the given user .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   controller

test:  programs function for printing out the actual sample .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  format   a

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the divergence of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of steps .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  opens the given stream and reads its contents .
truth: open stream . 
test:  function   function
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a string of the resource_view .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   ldap
truth:  return   a

test:  filters all errors in the given string .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  fixture   filter
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple commands .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  installing   checking
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize the points in a points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  format   converts
truth:  normalize   a

test:  compute the proposals code of a given imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  tests   show
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test if a bug possibly a valid base class .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  checkout   notification
truth:  url   url

test:  replace leading and trailing spaces with a single space character .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  string   string

test:  run a command on a specific server .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  permanently attach a data source .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  attach   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if path does not have corresponding to the last modification .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   a

test:  allows an attribute attribute string or a attribute name if an attribute has a value that attribute .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  return   function
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  create a new object .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  this method pushes you want to run a simple api that prints the results to a valid mime response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  tests   in
truth:  check   check

test:  delete a config item .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the list of all the registered node that are descendants on the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an iterator over the elements of a dataset .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  returns   chunks
truth:  return   return

test:  detach subnets to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  signal   matching
truth:  detach   elb

test:  returns the protocol of the data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  all values of the provided subject .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a color to a hex color tuple .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  converts   rgb
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  marks and returns the content of the request .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  compute md5 hash according to md5 hash .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  null   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the new score function for the probability distribution parameters x : array-like input data to be a different from the input array with the new sublime score .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  score   compare
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a binary string into a list .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  create   binary

test:  run quiet in a program .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the yeelight binary sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   add
truth:  setup   setup

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified duration and for the duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  send   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  make sure pip is short if a short package .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   show
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the weight norm .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  null   percentage
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the set of all the indexreturn set by table .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  find   copy
truth:  inputs   a

test:  asserts that the given problem with the given css type and values are the same .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  compare   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  create all numbered and numbered symbols of the given truth .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  generate   generate

test:  take a polynomial division number and g .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the given path in the given tournament string .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  computes   reverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of availability availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  construct an instance of a given source from a list of signify .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of dns services .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set default credentials for aws region .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   logger
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   note
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  configures temporarily to allow remote put remote access to the file .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  normalise   configures
truth:  does   null

test:  sign a username in a username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  initiate   resource
truth:  set   set

test:  list all the repos in the repository .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read a source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  patches   null
truth:  read   read

test:  strip leading whitespace from the given text .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  strip   strip
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long arguments by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  retrieve all recent recent activity for the specified user .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  send an email to a new exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return list of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a string to a binary string .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the build options for a collection of options .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string to a string .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  determine current hardware devices devices .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse the value of a toolchain expression into its own memory .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  convert   expr
truth:  parses   parses

test:  attach a fake server certificate to a given host and port .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  define   null

test:  given a path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to a url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   parameters
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | expr .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   encodes
truth:  null   varlist

test:  check if the action is access to the given user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  send   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  iterate object type check the type where the chain is passed as expected .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  creates   a

test:  given input and a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template in the currently set the user determined by the currently set in the currently registered locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print the provided formats for a given formats .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   like
truth:  list   list

test:  take a dictionary of functions and return them .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return those items in sequence for which predicate is true .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample model with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   image
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  return entities from the given text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  removes   ansi
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a network in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  this sets up a new management command .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  command   a
truth:  execute   django

test:  returns the path to the heads file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return markdown without reading anything .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  text   text

test:  use this decorator to override the given method so that its guaranteed is automatically installed .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the container image for the test .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  find   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  set a given path to a file in disk .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  call   call

test:  decorator for tests which would propagate .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  use   use

test:  step that are okay on the table or in the ui .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list of the names in the skype link .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  entry point for conversion process .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  to   entry
truth:  start   celery

test:  check if a given package exists in an environment .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the list of ports .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scans   null

test:  run the main loop of the original test .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  make   package
truth:  test   initialization

test:  a replacement for the getaddrinfo() specs .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  use   python
truth:  return   return

test:  run a "package" on a given module .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   python

test:  sympy sympy expression with its dependencies in the expression .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a string from a datetime object .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  convert   date

test:  return the default extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary by derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the cost cost of a flow .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read all maximal cliques in the graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall an npm package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method call if given one exists .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a list of datapath from the dpid .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build the path from the given attribute string .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the dimension of the first unflatten in n .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  null   split
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of the package .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  formats the text level .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a skeinforge file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   null
truth:  display   a

test:  change the system brightness of multiply images .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   connections
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the alternating cycle of the graph in the graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime object to a python timestamp object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if its string is a valid name .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  check   a
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  register registers a registers registers the given python handler .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  median absolute absolute error regression loss for the predicted dynamically + array_like .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   median

test:  return the special sparse matrix of the current frame .
truth: computes np . 
test:  compute   rows
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   -
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of ports that can be found in the given port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   up
truth:  count   count

test:  return the purchase to send to the current payment processor .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that value is a valid category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   data
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns random string value in the setting for a given value .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  function   replaces
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  register a model-specific class for the given failure .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  returns the attribute statistics for the given layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  null   layer
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  this is the main function that returns the displays of all the data loaded into the human-readable string .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  show   cohort
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail if we should wait for given print .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  test   run
truth:  function   function

test:  create a single blocklist file for factor .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  prefix   create
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  activate   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a given value exists in the cluster node with a given value should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test custom ask with custom ask .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  init init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  null   space
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only work on posix-like systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  load   null
truth:  work   work

test:  register a new account hooks for single installation feature .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  register   register

test:  returns the mapping dictionary mapping names to names and their generators names .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  render all associated artifact classes .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  gets   outputs
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  extract data from a timeseries and write it to a timeseries parameters data : file name of the file names .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   timeseries
truth:  extract   null

test:  retrieve share permissions on given doc or user .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the temporary directory to use for the duration of the path .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  to   function

test:  returns true if system can perform git on this system .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  hashes a password against a given password and returns a password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check parallel predict when parallel selects selects before parallel .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   apply
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns the status of a task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   task

test:  accept the plugin manager and accept a new instance .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  decorate a function to run a transaction .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test cases to test cases .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  to   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test whether the object is a valid orphaned .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  if   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the hermite quadrature [1]_ points .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the functionality for the functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   functions
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  set   set

test:  conditionally send an email email when a new email is created .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  process   a
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all notification subscriptions for the given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a snippet from a json api .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  get   list
truth:  process   json

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  find   a
truth:  run   run

test:  set the path for a file in a directory .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  force   svg
truth:  set   set

test:  uses the numa srttransform3d .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  handle   image
truth:  return   return

test:  posting -> firewalls .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  support   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  stacks the dictionaries according to the normal tuple .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  print   keys

test:  remove a user from the selected login list cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   list
truth:  delete   user

test:  given a list of sources .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  takes a treewalker tree and converts it to a descriptor .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the permutation of the one-dimensional function .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the current instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test vi control-v style cursor .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   vi
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  the bw of the lognormal distribution with the same sparsity decomposition .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  null   bandwidth
truth:  null   rule

test:  generates generated files from each node .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the root mean squared error .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove flavor access for project .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  ensures   remove
truth:  given   remove

test:  saves the when qwebsettings .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  plots the axes line of a point in the make .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  func   files
truth:  remove   lines

test:  replace the configuration .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize using python imaging library .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  check   remove
truth:  using   resize

test:  delete the error files to match the logger .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  rotate   logs
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns a list of mpkg ids that are pulled in a specified package .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns pyo keys that match the file .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  get   version
truth:  file   file

test:  this method finds the accounts corresponding to the given account .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  stack   remove
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  view for another activity products for a user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert iso8601 to iso8601 datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a tuple with the given name .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a single request header into a :class:~werkzeug with the hub header .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  print the metric line .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  prints   string
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sort a list with sorted header .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for a function that takes a table and optionally a method .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  emit   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generic search search for event search .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  accepts   tasks
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object to a timestamp .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   null
truth:  utc   utc

test:  compute singular values of a matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  null   find
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  rgb to hex color space conversion .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  converts   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a sparse matrix with the same shape and shape as shared variable .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a copy of the original image with the given features .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  null   params
truth:  learn   a

test:  set the clock used to convert the clock to a value .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  null   up
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  null   image

test:  sends a apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  run the python test .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  create   generic
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all the child nodes of a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  registering a field_data key .
truth: given a key . 
test:  take   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated int .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if the given timedelta is a older typed .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper method that takes the dependencies and returns true if all dependencies are present .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json severities as json representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   events
truth:  get   events

test:  return the file name .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to check that the type of a given type .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  if   null
truth:  value   value

test:  extract the right fields from a list of fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   field

test:  calculate the central crop for given image .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an os list of ordering connected to find in g .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  receives   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  check a qdatastream where an input status code is not a global warning .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  test   validation
truth:  make   null

test:  helper method for policy .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  if   connect
truth:  if   null

test:  extract an email id from a token id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the precision precision based on the passed precision .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   precision

test:  the cost of the cost function .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the matrix multiplication .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   shape
truth:  compute   camera

test:  only load all the init and clean all internal statistics of the init .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  scheduled   null
truth:  run   run

test:  a original config object .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  checks whether a given a2ensite is a valid terms .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the quadratic quadratic function for a given model .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generates a dict of random keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  a simple view to check if the request matches the user configuration .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  question   dns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add documentation to an existing orm orm .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  make   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  slugify a string .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  create a new config for the given colon .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  return   command
truth:  set   http

test:  remove a lock from a given document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  split and raise an optional netmask .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on gentoo systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   work
truth:  run   run

test:  the /proc from the matthews file .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  broadcast   list
truth:  expands   null

test:  which which are common but returning the results which has a single item in the original argument .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  make   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  import repo from git repository to a user .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   list
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for empty fields after the primer header has empty .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  makes sure the list where to insert item x .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  compare   handle
truth:  insert   item

test:  train a filespec solver .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   run
truth:  train   a

test:  return union of baselist items in baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates a new python app for interacting with the environment variables .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a package with a configuration file .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  remote   remote

test:  wrapper around 6 .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  value   function
truth:  value   value

test:  url decode a single string with so that they can be compared .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unmount   function
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  truncate a file to the filename .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  puts   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  check if a value contains a highest highest value .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  extract information from meminfo .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest parts of a given closest to the closest rgb .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  converts a hex string to rgb points .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a namespace or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png box for the given figure and height .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   null
truth:  given   null

test:  read all api requests .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function to run a command if the command doesnt exist .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  call   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a 2-d shape with ones .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple from a list .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  update the decorated function if counters is false .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator for --may-exist with a curry model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  is   in
truth:  null   null

test:  make migrations for the application script .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  make   info
truth:  create   database

test:  return the labeller integer n .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  returns   sparse
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update this correctly how to run the program .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  calculate   check
truth:  update   update

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching for testfiles .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a message to a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  wraps   null

test:  run parsing .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   arguments
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dict describing the tag names .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  format   format

test:  test interactive interactive status .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  run   return
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  html media-related summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  checks whether the user supports a string .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get and add the indexed loops from the points .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  estimate   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  ajax view .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  index   html
truth:  render   render

test:  returns the list of all alert addresses exist for the given pr .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  to   links
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a signature scheme object pkcs115_sigscheme that can create or verify pkcs#1 v1 .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a list of data from the data .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the stubs module .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  erase   null
truth:  do   null

test:  returns a soundcloud class from the given string .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  test true if all pairs are included in chisquare .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   inverse
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  converts   order
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  reads the location of the git .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves a general order order coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   return
truth:  solves   a

test:  defines methods that should be called with the given name .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   function

test:  create a random rotation matrix .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an integer 36 string to a base 36 .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  raise the correct error if any of the passed in tps are detected .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a fixed point .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  join   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  waits for the element to become a static resource with an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  click   click

test:  submodules in the docker-py code for the tmux gate .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  set up the default colormap based on the current user .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the trimmed partial maximum of a and axis .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  counts   find
truth:  null   a

test:  reject fairness stats for a number .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  return   string
truth:  using   null

test:  removes a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read comments for all comments .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to insert more than more information about more than the html files .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  build a configuration dictionary from a given option and convert it to a list of strings .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  build   string
truth:  converts   converts

test:  description the specified plugins .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the x intersections .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  return true if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud feature into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns an image with a musicbrainz rotation matrix .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  fft   neighborhood
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  make   method
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to get a llvm types .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  create   a

test:  disables a postfix api down the given api name .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  raise   show
truth:  declares   null

test:  depends on the secondary clustering .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  call   position
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  return the correct grid of a given scheme .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  adjust   create
truth:  send   send

test:  return a tuple of the elements that are available to each element of the given list .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  indent a text lines .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  text   null
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: dbref this lock type checks if the value passed in which the dbref to the dbref attribute is less than or equal to the one of the dbref it
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  attr_gt   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a list of all undeclared that are undeclared by the undeclared and maximum .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the path to the user .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the nibbles type specified by nibbles .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  returns   step
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the current openshift secret key for a given secret .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate the toolbox code .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  stats   a
truth:  is   null

test:  set a new default matcher function for the current instance .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  color   null
truth:  change   change

test:  given a dict and a result and a result set .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  takes   null

test:  determine if the user can be switched to the next time .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  passing a time from a string .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  check   one
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator that allows you to define an integrand on a function and inject the decorated function into the integrand thats thats .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  provides   proxy
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the virtual disk property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test %reset db < tenant_id .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a file: path to a file path .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the source code of source addresses that can be used to filter a given source .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  extracts   null

test:  convenience function to output the arguments of a callable .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   print
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available colours cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  waits for the service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  to   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  factory to create a service type in a http server .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a wants that will be deleted on palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  function   patches
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if *obj* has specific parent basepath .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  only show module from a registry .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  true if point after point after each consecutive .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  null   floor
truth:  if   null

test:  remove duplicates from list preserving order .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate all the tests for all the table mappings .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  calculate   dataframe
truth:  if   test

test:  returns whether the given string has a key .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  generates yule walker from a dataset .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of gecos information and their names and values in a user .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   show
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  implement   null

test:  this creates an keyboard role for the given name .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in default/person - allows differential access permissions .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   crud

test:  try to commit the package hash commit for a given package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  to   configures
truth:  short   get

test:  a generator for storing all the found in the case .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  transform   generator
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  the memory index of the memory index .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   location

test:  for a routines that return a coordinate using the given function .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  craft   decorator
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run the unit tests .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for the given instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  function   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns the type of the supplied type .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object for testing .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns true if the child is within a child template .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate networkx gexf gexf in p2g format .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  write a multiline string to a file .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a new user for a given address on a specified address .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates the entropy mask from a given sequence .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  display a single error message data .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  error   wrapper
truth:  process   process

test:  return until a loop has a reactor .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  reconstruct   running
truth:  call   call

test:  run the violations report .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  build   folder
truth:  runs   runs

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  replace secrets .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  perform   reboot
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of users in the source .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parses and normalize request header .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  force   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  if data is minimal .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  determines   function
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given hyper .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  check the wrapped policy corresponding to the wrapped function .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   cci
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts a string from the sentences .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  ensure that the given object created from the given objects are properly objects for the given objects are strings with the expected tuple .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  force   t
truth:  null   idea

test:  returns a edit/new/list uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the hypergeometric hypergeometric in the mod a randrange equation .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  a decorator which allows the result of a function to be called on the given function or overwriting the test functions .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse parser .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a fulltext message .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine whether the specified service is available cli example: .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a list of non-zero spaced beta from beta .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  encode a short string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  null   up
truth:  encode   a

test:  denormalize_form_dict denormalize_form_dict from json .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  step   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run web home widget on sys .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   breakpoint
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   null

test:  combine two classes together .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  given   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  given a hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex integer .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  takes   rgb
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  a helper function to make sure the hashed conversion of a proper hashed .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  breaks   up

test:  returns a country level .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  check roundtrip for fif files .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  creating   reader
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  recursively find collections in the root directory .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   use
truth:  get   title

test:  call a function with a given test .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the ip adapter of a network address .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  return the security group .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  display   display

test:  checks if x is an euler index .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a function that converts a cached query string into a singleton query .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  null   lookup
truth:  decorate   a

test:  set the value for the given c c .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  split a tuple into two serialization } and the parsed content type .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  split   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  features should extract tags from scenario post tags .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  initiate   null
truth:  having   a

test:  confirm the email token should be included in the request .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  wait   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes the dynamic content content .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  remove   replaces
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  check if a python field is a category field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  converted   a
truth:  function   function

test:  build a template string from a list of parameters .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  parse arguments to generate .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  create   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return the python data field where a given tuple is actual .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  return   check
truth:  function   function

test:  test that a bad record on a bad file object can be installed .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the vector3 multiplied by a matrix .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  rules   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  migrate an old facts dict .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   nodename
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encode string as a unicode string .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a module name .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  get   a

test:  open or update the command with a specific defaults .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  control   a
truth:  string   string

test:  decode the value from a fvwi byte string .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  make sure that the same way fails if the text should be correct .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  order   test
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a list of exploration ids that can refer to the given model .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  test control of stockwell .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   box
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate der der der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  fail if all of the cnxt are implemented by pandas & exist .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  mark   mark

test:  ensures that the api returns a client that the api is not a crappy function that returns data to a specific api registry .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  get a data chart from the api .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  keep   commit
truth:  null   null

test:  get the full name from the registry .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  if   get
truth:  return   return

test:  clones a heliocentric git repository from the current checkout .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  look   interface
truth:  specified   clones

test:  used for public_key a unit tests .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  return   gamma
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a tag to the queue .
truth: add tag . 
test:  -   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  it should download a wheel using download a package .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  using   null
truth:  using   test

test:  returns a filename .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  join   url
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 64-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  generate a function for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  find   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  cd -> vdi attempt to attach to vm .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  attach   create
truth:  create   create

test:  error checking for routines that return explicitly not been activated .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  checking   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a description from the command line .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a list of header tuples and returns a dictionary of header tuples .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  null   format
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the yeelight bulbs .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts the condition with the same condition as an array .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  change the default music type .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  change   change
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse a string using the given hint .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  stack   stack

test:  ensures that the user is rights .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  if pep8 is installed .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   test

test:  deletes a job from the user .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  show   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  create a num_reps with slices that will starting with a way .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   function
truth:  create   a

test:  print the use of the road estate : none the name of the target estate estate : none the print print the image estate : none .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  print   print

test:  strips the number of gpus in the album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  return   number

test:  return the interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  normalizes a string to a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   helper

test:  create a new spatialreference .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns symmetric group integer as a list of order 2n .
truth: return base . 
test:  get   a
truth:  base   base

test:  build an environment dictionary from a wsgi application .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  dispatch   translate
truth:  build   build

test:  simple test to return the path to the module .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  helper method for printing one string to another for multiprocessing .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  format   string
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  splits a string into a list of basic words .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  return   loops
truth:  null   null

test:  returns bool or none if it doesnt exist or raised .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an event .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   finish
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return the unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach approach in : binary deceptive by chung-yao chung-yao down chuang save_config | mystrom .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific engine tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the of of p and q of p .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  return   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove refct disabled from bb .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  resolves   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   iterator
truth:  get   macos

test:  return the path to the directory where ivre itself .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   ipython

test:  return a filter that checks the filter enabled .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  filters   filter
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a role to a tenant on a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  a demonstration showing the creation of a class .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  exemplify   null
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true when cidr belongs to prefix/plen .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  flush the logger for the current output_length .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  check if distributions is not empty .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  return   return
truth:  chooses   a

test:  returns the ith common their least squares as a matrix .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  show all organizations .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  list   query
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability availability .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that value is a mapping of the mapping file .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns current timezone of the repository cwd .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   os

test:  marks an instancemethod method as to-be-unpacked and methods .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  null   function
truth:  change   change

test:  insert a bunch into a new impulse chart .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  produce   strings
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete an imagemember entity .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  primitive content and a primitive value .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  divide   content
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  this method matches the block for xblock .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  null   query
truth:  url   url

test:  attempt to add a trace to the trace .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the full path to a package or none if no path can be found .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  return   import
truth:  exploit   import

test:  return labels for ignorable labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   return
truth:  github   github

test:  load if rss is heightgrid than one of the parent .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  watch   windows
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  test decorator for jinja test if jinja changed .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  takes a sample table and returns an otu sorted list of sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  return true if the target configuration is marked as any of the targets .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  return   use
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the metric value from the current metric .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a random string .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  be   null

test:  returns the *x*-limits value of the angle between -1 and the angle of the angle angle .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  project   null
truth:  null   a

test:  register a friendly decorator .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  store   handler

test:  converts integer to a string containing the 255 .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  if   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  checks if t is a valid offset .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a swift swift cookie string into a tuple .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  module function to ubuntu the module release .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure a str if it doesnt exist .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test extract_array utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  starting   test
truth:  test   test

test:  allow some file:// to be used in remote mode .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns the extension of the request .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  insert   crud
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to check that a view is a cors request and is a view function .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a phonenumber significant number .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  checks if a csr matches the list of find_module() .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  does   null

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  construct   lists
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a list of the child nodes of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  this helper function is used to do some width on the source space to do not subtype .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pads   numpy
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute probability noise data request .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  compute   power
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the parameters .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign given var(p) to the name of the right locations may occur .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return the euler variance from the frame frame .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  returns   percentage
truth:  returns   returns

test:  see :meth: .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  get   a
truth:  show   a

test:  helper to apply a list of strings to a list .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a post request to the testing server .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  send   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  validator for test_pickle regression .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   color
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load otus .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  get   setup
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  disables   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the string from the string s .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments to generate from the parsed arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds headers to the response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  server   headers
truth:  cache   cache

test:  shuffle a list .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  use   use

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return the matrix of diagonal and sympy .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  fake   fake
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of all osquery cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  run   sql
truth:  time   time

test:  validates that a string is valid and not a valid email .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parses a kegg format string into a python objects .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of the network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  load   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return a a hamiltonian function for a given json string .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts a cubic rate to a cubic .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   system

test:  parse the team key string into a dict .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  split   function
truth:  split   split

test:  disconnect a service instance .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clones a identified by linode .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  helper to generate a flash message .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this method will create the settings with a resource layout .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  like   like

test:  determines the htmlentity entities as a string .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  find   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  escapes the given string so that it can be embedded safely be embedded in json files .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  dumps   escape
truth:  output   output

test:  create a formatted ports with gce ports .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying some data that was never inserted .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  boolean   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  saving a target document in a package .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  create   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  create and update config .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  output   config
truth:  null   section

test:  returns the s code that runs the given line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  returns   groups
truth:  provides   null

test:  print single line failure .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return the git tree of a node .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create the closest distance from the given node on the input node .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  calculate   replaces
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release the available chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  increments   use
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  determine the cache of the settings that need to run for .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  you can enable the scenario .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  return   in
truth:  null   null

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extracts a list of secedit to a text file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete the given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  specified   delete

test:  return true if idle is available .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  boolean   check
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function that consume the change from the inherited inherited .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse http response body body as a python dictionary .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   status

test:  sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the given api .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   items
truth:  filter   items

test:  retrieve validation configuration .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  escape a value for use in a url .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  watch the static assets with the given device using webpack .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  null   build
truth:  install   install

test:  test that the full text search for a particular search .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  attach   method
truth:  if   test

test:  create a mock index for a torch .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test when we have a path to the final small root .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  checks   use
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-200 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model during the cache of the cache .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  create a backup path for the given source .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  backup   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a key for use in the hash library .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   salt

test:  returns program .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  is   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters a filter for the block through variable contents .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  whitespace   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the test control directory that is deleted on the auth .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  fixture   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the value is a string and optionally optionally .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test a package with taxes quotes and children of order .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  detect whether any and errors are lash .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  abort   a
truth:  function   function

test:  for the unix mrjob compatibility .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in pixels for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get extended segment from segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  saml_artifact a string .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  test if the file is an os .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  backend   form
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  add an item to the output file .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  main at path end of reverse fasta filepath .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  displays   function
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme template based on the cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a list of the sid that are currently set .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the given permission map for the given mode .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  apply   list
truth:  support   multiple

test:  validate lineedit and adjust adjust method .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  run   run

test:  write an array to a file .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  write   a

test:  test sane a single m2 .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  this function converts a cubic string to a nicer format .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  callback to parse a structurize tag .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   a
truth:  used   callback

test:  get the harris points that are chunk of dist .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  return   corners

test:  ensure that input is a float .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  pair   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the head coordinate path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  use   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the name of the process used to add/edit the process .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  process   process

test:  load an attribute attribute .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   get

test:  split a path in a relative path .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  perform a dataframe .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a link to the link with the correct content .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  makes   link
truth:  make   a

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a suffix from a suffix or stream .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  find the condition at the bottom of a given condition .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  to   find
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a numeric frame into a *ptr* frame .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  return   exc
truth:  format   format

test:  this function returns the current platform name for underlying .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the decorates regions for elastic modules .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a network device if no device is given .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  load only on freebsd and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  convert text into a text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   load
truth:  works   works

test:  execute a command and returns its output .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  check if the object is a regular expression .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   standard

test:  test that exclusive environment is shown .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  suggest   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of unique libraries available .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available images cli example: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  list   show
truth:  return   details

test:  ensures that the method has been automatically exempt from the api .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  to   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  convert a long integer into high bytes .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   form
truth:  given   a

test:  create the provided file in the provided directory .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns a string that can be used to get the given size .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract the resource from a path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  to   null

test:  delete an email server .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   a

test:  parses a form form from a stream and returns a tuple .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  redirect to the client with the given name .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  file   redirect
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  undo   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   closeness
truth:  compute   compute

test:  open the help chapter for a given url .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  stream   link
truth:  opens   null

test:  given a list of answer .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  check   check

test:  compute a point in a relative distance matrix .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  compute   f
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the list of users with the users username and stores them into the latest clients clients by the users choose .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  queries   queries

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the given path was a egg .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   check

test:  add a shortcut to the database .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  attributes   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a datetime object for the given zone .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   home
truth:  view   view

test:  generates the parameters used to parse the frame frame .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   implementation

test:  hashes random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   null
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  tests that the has_repository_dependencies_only_if_compiling_contained_td is not built .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  test   user
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate a series of the data point .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  converts a number into an integer .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate a random integer from the values in the sequence .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  provides zpool .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns yaml representation of databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  interleave   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  get   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  given an image .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  moving   compute

test:  creates multiple policies classes .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   classes

test:  test freezing a bazaar package clone .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  output   tests
truth:  freezing   test

test:  dumps sub-process to a snapshot .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  list   snapshot
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  create an in-memory code with the user registration invoice for the invoice invoice invoice invoice invoice with a new user or order .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  save   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a 2d tensor into a batch of 2d array .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   implementation
truth:  turn   a

test:  this is a wrapper to provide a dsa for use in the response .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  block   null
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  ticketstatus status .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   milestone

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   work
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  converts the given node to a {field: node .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a service by hostname and binary it listens to .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that returns a cached stream that is used in the data point .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  splits   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the box bindings for the basic system bindings .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  replace #!python with the current configuration .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  given   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  launch a ranges .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  function   a
truth:  allows   null

test:  returns the given attribute string for the given entity key .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  null   method
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore warnings that is a callable or path .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  have   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  get the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   a

test:  configures the response object and login down the configuration of the response .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  initialize   create
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export a full site .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   site
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number in the given version string .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  search   search

test:  read a string table for the given table .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   in

test:  retrieves all the datastore users .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  get   database
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure id is docker .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  check that a string is a appname or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  select an attribute from a collection .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  is   a
truth:  select   null

test:  return the hypervisor that are available on the compute node with hypervisor cli example: .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  check if a package is present .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular collection .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login ip from the local machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the filepath is in a votable file .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the file names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   print
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a new :class:command with the given doer .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   assignment

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  simple convenience function to get the launchpad .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  return   page
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a quote string with the given username and profile .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  format   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds the data to a post-order model .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  null   content
truth:  function   function

test:  parses the auth entries from the registry .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  returns   encodes
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  iterate over all the reason in a directory that yields the given relative path .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  respond with up notifications :return: serialized registration :rtype: dict :raises: registrations :rtype: dict or look to our component of registration :rtype: dict :raises: .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  return   null
truth:  look   null

test:  convert all symbol into a string .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  takes   null

test:  print all assets stats as a signals .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  null   a

test:  test plot from raw plot .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  parse a block of references in a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial remainder sequence of f and p .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   discriminant
truth:  reduce   f

test:  tests whether the status of a listing is one of a terminal .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a base64 html scene .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  download   a
truth:  create   html

test:  generate futures scripts .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  determines the input length of a convolution given output size .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   function
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  elementwise exponential minus function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  parse a string containing the non header into a cookie: .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   code
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the user is a destination .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  ensure that all the plugins are valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for marketable page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from pol .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check spherical representation of spherical representation of two representation of two representation .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  verify   reading
truth:  tests   tests

test:  i have a answer with a browser .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the course has staff in the course block as a course_key .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether the argument represents a int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  if   return
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current active language for the current active language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the same topic method .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  move   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the selected tests in the list of django labels .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a new rc2 cipher .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  index   null
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a slice of the items in a given path .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  list   list
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  returns the file mode of a filename .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  file   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a human readable object .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  add   add
truth:  initialize   null

test:  helper function to get specific key from the nearest key .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  show all the links in the document as a list of ast .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  =   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a dictionary to a set of items .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  compute univariate polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate a file to be used in a universal resource .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  generate   resource

test:  decode a data to a device .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  port   null
truth:  email   email

test:  generate all registered aliases .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  returns   everything
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the camera .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka client .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   info
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the first bit bit for a set of minutes .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   compute

test:  handler for retrieving a single line .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   reverse
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return the directory where a filesystem is a filesystem music .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the pipeline timeout to use for the current thread .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  null   current
truth:  set   a

test:  get the releases with the given discid .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  null   get
truth:  search   search

test:  return the nth standardized moment of n .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  get a network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sorts slices of a single vector in place .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the name of the package in w order .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the given search is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns length of unicode string .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  force   null
truth:  to   encode

test:  formats a date according to the given value .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  return   a

test:  given a page .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  get   null
truth:  requests   requests

test:  builds a list of iterator corpus for backward compatibility .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  iterate   check
truth:  return   return

test:  create a arc class with the given model .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  null   os
truth:  create   a

test:  export patches to a single channel .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   markdown
truth:  git   git

test:  upload a html file to s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  create   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  simple wrapper around pyrax .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  returns the user id of a specific anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  decorator to place an interactive interactive shell in a given shell .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  null   add
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the closest sensor .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create the given directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the specific image backends .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enumerates a package name a time in a specific package .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a n-dimensional expression or a list of out_path values .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the buffer .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  get the expected ptuple list .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  select an iterable of the given traversal .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  null   type

test:  convert an image to a scale values for affine with the appropriate message .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  return   rgb

test:  remove the named user from the user .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  input() with the same arguments as sparse .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  convert a 2d tensor into a dask object .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the entire hypertext line .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  logs a new logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  create   execution
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  output the error message and then display it .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   synonym
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  returns the name of the display username .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the tag with the given tag .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  returns   bytes
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create a url string for a file .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  copy files from file to another python objects .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  return the vertices of the one-dimensional matrix with a given ref .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  init   pick
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator that itself a view specific header for itself .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  null   view
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  collects the html markup from url and return the content that is built in replacing the html framework .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  link   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get the current user running in username cli example: .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a dictionary of viewfinder metadata as keys .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the subtitle path for the given video path .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  removes environments on a list of documents with a given word .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  return a cache key to use for temporary files .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  return   function
truth:  compute   directory

test:  evaluate an alloc operation .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  redirect   a
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to find the qapplication file if present in libc .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  stop a running system .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  return an unordered list of xml elements .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   a

test:  notify test runner to handle the user .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  make   os
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure image is present on the computenode name : string name of image .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   image

test:  adds a relative url to a relative url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  given   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  filers a tuple of elements of qingcloud to svg .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  gaussian approximation to the standard gaussian distribution .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  retry   exit
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the folders that are created by the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper to attach module level function to its object .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  generates the javascript map for each trace in the javascript hierarchy .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  validates that locale code is valid .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  if   check
truth:  make   null

test:  check for den expansion .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  if   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert the input to a one-hot or a one-hot index .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  return   reverse
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  helper function for the value of an identity attribute .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check whether git kevent represents diskspace or not .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   check

test:  check that distances are properly distance for each distance distance on a cookie .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  replacement for multiple bits .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  takes   arguments
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a __doc__ class .
truth: like @property . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  like   like

test:  send analytics vote for a given thread .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  null   container
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the chordal cycle of length p .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deletes the cookies of a cookie .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  selects an object for logging with urls .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  runs   op

test:  function to obtain uptime from show version output .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  show   string
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  return the server name for a server .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  find   find
truth:  get   a

test:  reads the invalidating lineage from config .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  check   null
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes a pickle string by removing all the given objects thrown by the given expression .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   workaround
truth:  serializes   a

test:  extract a zipfile zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  unzip   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure the traffic is absent name the name of the overlay to delete .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse the mapping data from a mapping file .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the path to the mock metric that contains the device .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  make sure unicode .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  make   null

test:  list all public public public ips cli example: .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the username of the user to remove user the volume to remove permission to remove .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  check   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  test the translation model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  tests   function
truth:  to   try

test:  assemble the given function with the arguments from the specified module .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  null   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  see url .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   check
truth:  url   url

test:  test that the view returned from the json view is well correctly .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  tests   responses
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the metadata for the specified instance args: request: the metadata version returns: the metadata are calculated with the instance of the manager or none .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to make a function that returns via executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the standard deviation of the given list of values .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop tps with no directories in apps .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   tps
truth:  drop   directories

test:  undo the effects of quote() .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  find   undo
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  try to get the formatted string of a comment .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  get the firewall status for the specified host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  get   run
truth:  show   status

test:  place profiling .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  to   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  returns command to use with reloading arguments .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the shared thread for a single thread .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to write the ttf/otf metadata to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   update
truth:  function   function

test:  step across a file .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  use of @roles only .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   use
truth:  make   null

test:  flattens the output from a turned message .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  support   in
truth:  convert   a

test:  make a 3d binomial point in the owners .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   samples
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a list of season exceptions that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  calculate partial derivative for random measure response .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  create   overrides
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a program for all installed basename .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   program

test:  returns a function used to create a new function arguments .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is the babel locale for the babel locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   try

test:  helper for classes of the type for the duration of a single item in the list provided .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  extend   datetime
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  reset   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  dispatch   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the given filename may be written or created .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns tests or replaces the template extra with the given system .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  shows the current version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   prints
truth:  display   version

test:  convert a pandas delta to a timedelta object .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  handles all documents from a wiki wiki node :return: true if the wiki is true .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  view   view

test:  computes the poisson mean squared error .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns a masters version of the raw query .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  return   unicode_data
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of hardware limit on this system .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  load   return
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns the namespace for the specified namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   api

test:  given a list of all the tableau image .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate the region loss of the given calculate the region of the calculate variance .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  find   loss
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   folder
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator to add a function to the database .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  get a existing proxy tool tool shed path .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  return   tool
truth:  provide   a

test:  converts an exception object to a direct response .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  converts   view
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return the numpy array or slices of the input to mask .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  list   mask
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the position in a frame .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  returns   average
truth:  content   content

test:  parse the code of a code to a python code .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder restricted polynomial from metric .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  turns   sample
truth:  null   null

test:  read head head shape file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   expr
truth:  read   read

test:  calculate the size and size size of raw text .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  obtains   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  error   returns
truth:  error   error

test:  returns all divisors of a given set of n .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the [yaml_files] setting of the [start setting .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  looks   returns
truth:  searches   searches

test:  compute matchscorer of nodes of a two-way network .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  search   search

test:  usage: lx diagnostics diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  -   worker
truth:  null   lx

test:  used to get inventory fields .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  command   source
truth:  return   return

test:  test for issue a bug that behaves correctly .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a package is installed in being installed cli example: .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request token to an auth token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   shorthand
truth:  makes   a

test:  returns true if we can variants own sql .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string to a byte string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  converts   position
truth:  convert   integer

test:  run the boolean actions .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   args
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  bayesian information criterion or schwarz criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the multivariate variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return the default text representation of markdown text .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  force   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  wrap a function so that its own exception .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  thread   null
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  parameters kernel .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  creates   version
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all from a server from a server .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return nvram information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   alf
truth:  return   return

test:  display the reconstruction of a reconstructions .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   display
truth:  show   show

test:  adds a string with a given validation level .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   a
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a specific search name the name of the user to remove a specific search name of the search database cli example: .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  ensure   replaces
truth:  replace   replace

test:  rooms the socketio used by the current context .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a simple qr function .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a list of strings .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  returns   percentage
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  selects a boolean value for a django icon .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   html

test:  converts the mac address from a mac address to a unix timestamp .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  generate   mac

test:  use pkg update to get all services on the master cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to convert a data to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a package in the given directory .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  instructs   try
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   release
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns a recarray field .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  -> -> integer demo .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  logs   attempt
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  parses a task task and returns unicode .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  post   post

test:  return an index of the distribution names .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  if   text
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes s from hex string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  prompts to set a signal to a given pick .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  selects   emails
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate git packages .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  this function is used to gather the matplotlib backend .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  show   show
truth:  to   helper

test:  obtain the error message from the given error .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a list of pairs .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   wrapper
truth:  format   a

test:  set up the logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  searching   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  returns a new web application if the web request has been generated .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  parse the event response .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the available x or file-like object .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all queues in a task .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about a server .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that the specified python is installed cli example: .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   strip
truth:  verify   null

test:  compute the blackman-harris for up & pairs .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  join   operation

test:  retrieve the datastore data path from the datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a strategy to make it available on the current transaction .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   wrapper
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  returns the v1 server that can be used to get the description of a github server .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  to   up
truth:  github   github

test:  compare before and after results .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the secret secrets from the secrets database .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the master cli example: .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reads html file .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return indent of a single line .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  function   text
truth:  return   return

test:  construct a stream of the most appropriate date classes for a given user .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks that the existence of the bc function .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to make sure the call methods are publicly accessible .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm data from file and return it .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   function
truth:  read   read

test:  encode the given file with the given filename .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  to_bytes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a test suite for a given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  write the votable table to a file .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  return whether the site configuration is enabled for the current site .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the string with all zeros in the floats that are in the series/index .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  convert a string path to a local path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if the path matches any patterns in the given patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   function
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a bunch of location with the given volume node .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   uniform
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write datachars text to a fif file .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  returns a valid username or user .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if a vlan exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  tests if the settings given in the start of microsoft .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  test   verifies
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  transforms the given node to a dict .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   a

test:  create a new crpix repository .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  null   open
truth:  spawn   a

test:  the harmonic function .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  elementwise   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  convert an design action to a otus action .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  converts   action
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given query .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   table

test:  test to ensure users completion gets correctly loop through custom completion .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the current timezone object formatted for the current request .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add a new plugin to the request if it exists .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   csrf
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a record type .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  adds a team to a github team .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on a hierarchy of objects .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  produce   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  check signed of currently running engine .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  verify   prints
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  edit   render
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a report list for the specified module .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  list   configures
truth:  list   list

test:  convert markdown text to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the code-object .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that a pickle column produces a pickle matrix .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the current notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  setup   setup

test:  marks a sequence of results as sizes .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  null   computation
truth:  cache   cache

test:  verify that the given filename exists .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  verifies   check
truth:  prints   a

test:  internal workflow operation to get an entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  pushes   get
truth:  null   workflow

test:  iterate over the trees in a journalds file handle .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  builds   image
truth:  breaks   up

test:  shutdown a running system cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  save   null

test:  main entry point for all api being overwritten by using markdown .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  point   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  split the path path into a template path string .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  take   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  check that orphans methods are as expected .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  code   a
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   color
truth:  ask   null

test:  true if n is a syncfile integer .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  calculate a hash digest to use for the given type .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a path relative to colas /usr/share/doc/ directory .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  djangos   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the name from a collection path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  port   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a list of tuples into a the expected list .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  an iterator over simple randomized number of sequences .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  null   address
truth:  header   header

test:  remove the named sysv service from the system .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates simple database using appropriate terms .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  find   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns an upgrade store from the specified uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  chunks   helper
truth:  given   a

test:  sort the distributions of a plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   items
truth:  plot   plot

test:  given a status from a http status file .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  error   error

test:  convert a given string into a list of strings .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  concatenate   list
truth:  get   words

test:  convert integer value to integer .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  convert   windows

test:  check if a repository is within the given dependency and see if a repository on the split dependency .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  add a history to the history .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   sets
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  define all the servers stored in the database .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  retrieve   set
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the build for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define a python binary target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  register   deploy
truth:  define   null

test:  a base class for the base base base base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit page .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   view
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set whether or not a list of hidden icons are installed .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  set   example
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to the given signals .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  initialise   a
truth:  connect   connect

test:  see :meth: .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  reconstruct   equalization
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  returns a locales for the specified selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  select the sound value of a univariate integer .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  load a system_controls file .
truth: open history . 
test:  return   user
truth:  open   history

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  reads the provided config file and invoke the database .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  return   get
truth:  read   read

test:  get or set the radial ticklines for a polar ticklines .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  call   current
truth:  null   null

test:  only load the module if the os is installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install a package in quota_usages .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  install   force
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  force   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dimitem : expr | expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr equals expr | expr equals expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the path where the file has been modified .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  return   like
truth:  get   get

test:  does the given minc figure .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to amazon ec2 :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  move a file and its modification times .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  source   move
truth:  file   file

test:  attempt to rm a temp file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  like providers[provider_name] except that it does not contain a text string .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the moving smoothed for a left density function .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  return   time
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  return   options
truth:  launches   null

test:  test fastprint assumes that calls calls calls another function .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  fake   issue
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap for task task .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   in
truth:  build   build

test:  constructs a property from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  find   a
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type 6 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  plot the given image and patch it .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  send a command from one or more parameters data : string data to be converted to the command passed .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  sends   traffic
truth:  send   send

test:  check if the specified state is enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate canonical type for a given name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  build   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  perform a shell-like base pattern against a dictionary .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  find   dns
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a dict of the data from all configuration files found in the configuration .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  list   links
truth:  return   return

test:  create a filename for a testdata filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a large integer from a string of the form .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of the value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  function   replaces
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a uri using the uri .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  split   accept
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  get the original attribute mod name .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  find   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add faces from [complex .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   square
truth:  add   cube

test:  calculate the transfer transfer number of an array of nodes .
truth: transform x . 
test:  get   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  allow the given image visibility from glance to be a channel .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  given   a

test:  home handler .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  test if getting / supplied server address .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  answer   delete
truth:  start   a

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  completes #ifndef for a program which is not in a timedelta .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  generates a indentation from a module name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  get   a
truth:  split   node

test:  rows -> kind of the lowest lowest path .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the preferred preferred channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  lowess   check
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns the rank of x as a fullrank matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after that the on-disk on-disk are marked as comments .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show a message after the first call should be in show .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  read the docs file in a filename .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  creates a list of functions that are nested by the given function and applies the last adapter .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   split

test:  ask for a filename to have a line number .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  query   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait until a volume has been reached .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   names
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience function to get a new stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns json string with user email address and indent .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  get   get

test:  converts one item to the set of items .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  adds   entities
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the instructor status for a task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  gets   handle
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the speed limits for a given limits .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets an infinite model from the given configuration .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second and b are equal .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  multi-dimensional multi-dimensional item list .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for specified qos specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   get

test:  return the nearest html and scrub the given markdown .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  function   null
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  quote a string as a unicode string .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  return a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  return   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of valid valid exploration ids for the given user .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a generic convenience function for site-local database .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  verify the actual censure censure censure censure censure test with the same censure as the second censure censure .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload version of paths to rsync .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  format   path
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  determine the cloud cloud credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  module   correlation
truth:  get   credentials

test:  create a new service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   request
truth:  sends   a

test:  operation for functions that can happen as a dataset .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  fires   a
truth:  test   test

test:  try to find the version from the user .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  grab   drac

test:  gets the path of the given type .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated boolean as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues a task for the given update task .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  enqueues   update
truth:  sends   a

test:  checks to see if a file has been a valid text .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  make sure that findcmderror is not set correctly .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return the metadata for a given task .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  set   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling _repr_html_ functions as __getattr__ implementing predicate .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  does   null

test:  make program action to program .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to return a new dataset object that can be used to serialize the expressions and the class for a new dataset .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the footer and update the service footer .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   pillar
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of data for the given unfinished .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  compute the rectified kernel matrix x .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  uses   version
truth:  create   create

test:  given a serializer .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given object and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  check that name is valid .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  validate   service
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a namespace given as a namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  ensure that plotly plotly has been modified .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  validates   calls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a helper to determine if the applicable block should be c .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  null   method

test:  take a protocol map from a list of values .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  merge   url
truth:  map   map

test:  add workers to the default parameters .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   mask
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  check for a year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   null
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the called with a call .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   metagenomeseqs
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  build the options java flag to use for execution tests .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  return   pass
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to check if number is multiple of items .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  null   count
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  insert   item

test:  helper function to replace the stack frame options and closing the global python script in the global python script .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  required   items

test:  returns the registry that exists in the registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  push   push

test:  create and initialize random global qwebsettings .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   volume

test:  get the list of the names of the given question in the template .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  to   function
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the tree arguments from a section of the form define a tree .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   a
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  returns whether the configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  run a user .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  log   function
truth:  prompts   null

test:  render a text before point .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  accepts   indices
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  fix the language method with a campaign .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test pick channels of mixin .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   pick
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an iterator of the nodes in the parent order of the bipartite graph .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller for supply projects .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  ask   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create a header that can always be used as opposed to create a new line .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  socket   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of instances that are available .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  depth first search wrapper around path .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  depth   depth

test:  change the grains of the device .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return a list of wanna help objects for the given project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes string to utf-8 .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current module object for the given module .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  finds   function
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop the geonode service .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  return the language code that accesserror the line .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  clean   insert
truth:  input   input

test:  attempts to get an entry from a store .
truth: given a location . 
test:  returns   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits with the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the pid by sending it down the pid in the process .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  given a service l .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  find   method
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  expand the arguments and combine the arguments into a single string .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  null   argument

test:  return whether the user is a url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns command name .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  look   null
truth:  name   name

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  null   session
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check nova line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  tries to find the theme class .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  null   page
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a query string and returns a query as described by rfc 2068 .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  converts   adjust
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  helper function to extract information from xml .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from containerbroker before the storage_policy_index column was added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforespi .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have sent an email with "pandas" date .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  is   factory
truth:  have   i

test:  helper function for possible parse actions in the string .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  sanitize the hostname on the subtype or the textual certificates .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules with name modname .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  parses a string like parse_querystring .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure the message is raised if we can be thrown .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  print a given traceback and return a given string .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   print

test:  run students on all students in coach .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  mangle the type type given a type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  if   count
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  returns list of all the apps that were loaded in .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent name the name of the keystone to remove name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send a message to hipchat .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sends   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  validate the metadata for a eip file .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  validates   n
truth:  ensures   null

test:  use this decorator to use the reader from the reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot the metrics for a rate with a given title .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get students of enrolled user as students .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a string using hexadecimal encoding .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieve a package name that will be used to identify a package .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  copies   generate
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a remote object from a remote location and execute it only .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate a random number of bytes .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the area under the network .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  null   remote
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   a
truth:  learns   null

test:  list all of the locks that are available on the provider .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   current

test:  get a field setup for a single query .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  returns   package
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return a list of additional names given a plugin name .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  tokenize a set of all the words in a json string .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  takes   json
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines that the given path matches the given gs_handle .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  if   function
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders a form element .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   fields
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating uri in pagination mode .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   request
truth:  avoid   null

test:  retrieve the course enrollment for the given course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get filename with given path .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  attempt to scan the vbench vbench id for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  perform   user
truth:  null   args

test:  return the path where the location is a location on the filesystem .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   link
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the rdm create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  features should not take a feature considering the scenario .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  convert special chars into a string .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the lines for the possible long path on windows .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  return   unpack
truth:  use   windows

test:  compares two paths and replace their paths matching the given paths .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a network object with the the the the network .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   reference

test:  test for issue 257 .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  decorator for tests that do not change the run run .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  error   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  renders the jinja environment with a given recipe .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   up
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dictionary of ascii keys into a dict .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a data file to a file using the appropriate errors .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  download   a
truth:  get   path

test:  reads a string from a sorted list of bytes .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  cast   wrapper
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for "comment "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  create a logical service on a logical cluster .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  change emails by their episodes when a basket email address is processed .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  change   primary

test:  make a pmf1 from a value from pmf1 .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  formats a results message as a message .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  format   request
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  returns the current core version .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  discover a list of file names in a filename .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  plot error band objects .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  generate all the description of the input pairs .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  yields   function
truth:  reduces   a

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  point   null
truth:  display   display

test:  fetch all volumes belonging to a consistency group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  return   info
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  intercept attempts to save and insert the archive into the current document .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  null   error
truth:  archive   archive

test:  ensure that positive integer is in a graph .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  find   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  returns the list of api calls for the given user .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  create a metering client for a specific backend .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   create
truth:  get   a

test:  create a dataframe from a dataframe .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  computes   a

test:  removes messages from the user and returns the delete session .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  port   a
truth:  get   get

test:  sends an email to the specified email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a new line ( requirement: * mysql * mysql tested against: notes: * mysql 4 .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  initialize the character 1 .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  make   switch
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve an appropriate login url for the given provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  retrieve   in
truth:  gets   null

test:  truncate a replacement that can have a numpy array .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise inequality .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   log
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a user .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the vim used by command-t the finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  return   color
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to indicate that the request is an api call .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host applications .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string to a byte exclusive model .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  get the bearing intersections .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a country codes for the given user and action .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the ring of the graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  helper function that returns a message object that works as a message .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  returns a connection to a recipient recipient .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  add   a

test:  return the dot product of the original matrix .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  compute   join
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  download the given represented as the invoice button .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  create a bpm from a configuration .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a list of options .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  returns a list of state names and their state .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  returns   package
truth:  package   package

test:  replaces line breaks in string with symbols .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  strips a ccx id from a ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  function   strip
truth:  remove   remove

test:  apply a new datetime object with the given utc arguments .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generating   a

test:  calculate the md5sum for an md5 sum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  executing   generate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  make a nxm entry for the given name .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate given qos_specs with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  associate   volume

test:  convert for spherical harmonic .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  compute   open
truth:  convert   convert

test:  converts the given input string to ascii characters .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  strips   function
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register the page and secrets secrets on the page .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   include
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse a string for a nx or pwd .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a cost equation .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git repository clone a git repository .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check gcrs<->cirs transform for round-tripping .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  raise   candidates
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httpresponse and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a gradient of the function values .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new children .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the string to use for the bokeh ref .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a list of web files in the given url .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  finds   unpack
truth:  null   utility

test:  retrieves the namespaces namespaces from the given url .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   secrets
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  rate a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  usage   groups
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   return
truth:  test   test

test:  setup a role .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  hack   role
truth:  install   install

test:  determines whether value should be a callable .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  compile   option

test:  get geometry output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   triangle
truth:  get   get

test:  c{main} *attr* from the network ranges .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  convert   map
truth:  extract   information

test:  return the vms vm id .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the path to the operating system relative to absolute path for the resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  is   path
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to ensure that a doctest exists .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  default   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return true if the named path matches the configured node .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method prefix .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve google entry from a document .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove submodules from files in a list .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes up the old records records for each frame .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  locate   names
truth:  to   try

test:  convert a disk set of the corresponding power to a given power .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert string from base64 to binary string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  returns community information .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update collections with the given subtask and run the cloudsearch set .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   words
truth:  update   collections

test:  returns true if a single socket is a portion of a graph .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  show if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  show   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix multiplication .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  returns   transpose
truth:  trace   trace

test:  tests the default row/col class to see if the default boto3 boto3 is marked as the default row/col .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the key key for the given parameters .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  function   key
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validate a loop if debug is at least one of the user .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  if   abs
truth:  if   check

test:  starts a function in a given profile .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  run   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a long integer to a long integer .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining date for a start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   data
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into several classes using a single layer .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   float
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a source file .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a dictionary of data to a json dict .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  imports python 3 if the python library is not installed .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual adapter create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  ensure the container agent is enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get a registered integer based on offset .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  takes   get
truth:  specified   get

test:  compatibility wrapper for pythons acl type .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  create   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a convolution operation .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  kills   function
truth:  null   null

test:  create and return the power down to an exploration .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  creates   strings
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test that outline function throws a proper cube .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  main entry point for basins .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  point   null
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne usage information .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   mne

test:  wrapper around qtgui .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns the type of the specified param .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  when the response was modified with some of the ago .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generates an application error message from a given error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  force   outputs
truth:  converts   converts

test:  helper to calculate the provided symbol in the database .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  calculates   list
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a simple weak describing the user .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  null   version
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a new controlampservice .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the class name to use for the given class .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the nearest mantissa from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  recursively traverse all files in the given pattern .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line plot .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   name
truth:  null   null

test:  insert an image to the list of images .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  searches for the stage conflicts with the given path and reading reading .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  return   a
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts the given property into the database .
truth: converts db . 
test:  fetches   returns
truth:  db   db

test:  raise a l{typeerror} exception for splitter strings .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  walks   null
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing version used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  fix   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts 3d rectangular rectangular coordinates to cartesian coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if the given field has a given field .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a toplevel widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo remotes platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the in-db units are marked as changed .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  update users from source subscription on node .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  move   update
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  parses a new host for the given host .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  move   a
truth:  null   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test print/repr of different ways of negative cases .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all average gradient parameters loss_or_grads : symbolic expression registry .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  parse the config file and return a dictionary of the configuration values .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  reads   config
truth:  read   read

test:  when a previous system on multiple call .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  using   run
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns if we can return the cache for a registry .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  null   discriminant
truth:  return   return

test:  updates remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  update   master
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns expired sessions of expired and instructor .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the tag should be attached to another tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split a packet into parts: rest .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  solves a single constant of the given expression .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  solve   equation

test:  remove all headers from a response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  used to approximate tests for testing .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   loss
truth:  simulate   a

test:  merges a merge to a merge .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the profile model for the given profile .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test the logging method of a logger .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  control   function
truth:  logging   logging

test:  periodogram for test_pickle .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  perform   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dumps filename to a given directory .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a service cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  decorator to add a specific election to the given topic .
truth: hold election . 
test:  reboot   null
truth:  hold   hold

test:  should have a python virtualenv .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the system cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   null
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the number of subtasks that will have a number of subtasks and the number of subtasks to each process .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  determines   number

test:  retrieve messages of enforce enforce enforce functionality .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used by the decorated method to mark a decorator for a method that returns a specific permission .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   null

test:  create a dictionary with the nodes of all libtree .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  applies   create
truth:  generates   a

test:  used by older clients to the users api .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  simulates   null
truth:  get   get

test:  stop the gradient gradient in a range .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get all db ips .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  common wrapper to retrocompatible create if debugging output was reverted .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the maximum distance that the angle of the angle .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a rank to the rank of a function .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  array   return
truth:  take   a

test:  sets specific connector cli example: .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  if a location doesnt exist then do it .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  called   samples
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  return a tuple .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  return   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  when a page is created on title and the cache are saved .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  document   null
truth:  if   check

test:  list all contents of a given host cli example: .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   list
truth:  defined   list

test:  return a string triple for a color triple .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  returns   indexers
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorate methods which cause routing replcement to be run in one of the kv(z) kv(z) which cause the jump of the fashion fashion .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test that username exists .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions that return this is just a wrapper this is called .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns: the t-test for two arrays .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  shows the deprecated version of a deprecated shows the shows shows the lxc lxc lxc shows the future + item_type= .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  is   helper
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which sensitive used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  return integer az^2 by shlex number of shlex digits .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  extract   current
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return the current date as a string .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   date
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a wotan tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete a cors cors from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate the points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  process   writing
truth:  equate   null

test:  get attribute dictionary by arguments from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register a new widgets widget for the given admin widgets .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  test that goto a problem currently used as multiple lines .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  issue   check
truth:  null   null

test:  set the field of an object or a field .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   port
truth:  sets   sets

test:  using a template method with a template .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  render   render

test:  convert x to an optional .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  if   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  create a list of tool from a string .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  providing   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  simple wrapper to help when user can have a json document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  link   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  executes a summary of html summary .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   data
truth:  upload   executive

test:  the summary of the filename .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  unzip   null

test:  a mock mock reader function .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verifies that the given value on the given class name is marked as the class .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  to   null

test:  check that the given api version is available .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  deletes a workflow that matches the given query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  run   read
truth:  query   query

test:  create multiple locator with default values of float_precision .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  log   log

test:  computes the dw matrix from each row of the dataset .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return an actiontec scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all skipped in a transaction .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  write   list
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get geometry output dictionary .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   triangle

test:  return the icon for a particular resource .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  the largest integer k such that the interfaceaction of a 4d of the elements .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   synonym

test:  get a dns entries from the given domain .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   current

test:  parses messages from a report to a report .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  list   messages
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests the best solaris for a /etc/resolv model .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  formats a results to a string for commands .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  format   function
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if python-etcd exists on this node .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  compute   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and its derivative distribution .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  update   code
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the qos scanner .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  validate the provided password dictionary .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  boolean   validate
truth:  insures   null

test:  communication for user .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   program

test:  return the country time zones zones .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the path of the same doctest .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test that timeit function works as expected .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  unpack unpack points from points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encode   network
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true is job is job cli example: .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the sdist location of the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   sdists
truth:  build   sdists

test:  retrieve all attachment records .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  xydist difference between two points .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  function   function

test:  returns shared where the user is shared for the doctype given doctype .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  removes elements from the specified tags from the list of tags .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  avoid   attempt
truth:  clean   up

test:  make a view that returns an array with the given type and itemsize .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  make   run
truth:  build   a

test:  collected collected with an available slug .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  return   search
truth:  checks   page

test:  return the copy of f in the given function .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator that is used to be added to the user .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  used to set virt bridge for another drivers .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   rule
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a list of template variables from the given code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the circular variance along the given data .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  move   move

test:  generates initial iqr of the current scale of a specific scale .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  compute   variables

test:  check the reference between current reference .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   test
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  add a list of available keypair to nova cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject commands of solexa commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  command   prefix
truth:  called   null

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  multiply   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the list of messages to display in the user .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy source to another document .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   source
truth:  copy   a

test:  test serializing map test .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  removes the youtube titles from the output .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  extract   certificate
truth:  read   read

test:  replace none with an empty string .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a sympy expression .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   expr
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns the filename list of the file .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  encode a number into bytes .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a role for a user on a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group cli example to create a cache security description .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract field signature as defined by the json-compatible json-compatible type .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called before building a site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  loads a numpy file with only one of the passed data .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  load   format
truth:  loads   mr

test:  compute the string similarity of the input string in a string .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  helper to make a timestamp timestamp .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the default hard identified by the system .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute csv of students metrics in bulk .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback to append a json option to the list of json option .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   callback

test:  returns a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a navigation item used for example breadcrumbs .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade outdated to a package check if outdated is specified .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  show   a
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   show
truth:  view   view

test:  clean up the executable by removing leading whitespace from the fn of a function .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  url   url

test:  add a offsetboxes point to the given size and the axes .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  force   generic
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast a remote method to all consumers of a specific topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   cast

test:  test whether the input is an instance of expected .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  ensure   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the color(s) color on the color(s) .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns the pid of a given process by name .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the subtype validation .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the dockerio execution module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  update the pingbacks .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   count
truth:  update   entry

test:  find headers that match with the given name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  find   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  recursively replace singleton tuples with the given inputs .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  select   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  implement the string fix of a number of spaces .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  creates   text
truth:  text   text

test:  function for :class:deconv2dlayer or a vif .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to bulk messages .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  dispatch   a
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate the power type .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  value   null
truth:  if   check

test:  iterate over the callables in a particular iterable .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  build a rational stats for a mini-batch mini-batch .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  bins   bins

test:  finds the smallest node for the given root node .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  find   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  registers a valid q options .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the worker .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  paste   setup
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compare a version string comparison between -1 and b .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  s -> boolean return the attribute of an iterable object .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a form name from a module name .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture that mocks and menu its fixture to win_id .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks to see if x and finite are valid .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  like   like

test:  ensure that tabbing is passed as a voigt works as expected .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  link   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test latitude validator .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  testing   boolean
truth:  test   latitude

test:  parses schema info and return value from schema .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  parse   a

test:  place for creating a new plugin with the given instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   configuration
truth:  null   method

test:  iterates over all indices in a list of indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return an iterator of objects .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  null   null
truth:  config   key

test:  imports an object bindings .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  create   a

test:  convert digest to timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  take   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  factorial of nonnegative integer k .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   k
truth:  return   return

test:  tests retrieving a single object .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  given a clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  find   calls
truth:  get   a

test:  checks field name is not too long and matches facet names pattern .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  provides a flash encryption request for a vocabulary of the vocabulary vocabulary .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  return   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   toggle
truth:  control   control

test:  compute a new _tricube hash based on the cell cell .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  wraps an attribute with a proxied attribute .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  create   a

test:  rewrite a file to a the file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  gather   replace
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calls external response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  flatten nested lists into smaller lists .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a dataset instance from the given list of data .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a list of form copied from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that assigning to a a string containing a trust .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert user records to a trace component .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity connectivity for a system_controls system_controls in the surface .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  processes   function
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  plugin registration .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   null
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a dict with proper construction .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  make the tests to use a particular value .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  file   test
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  translate a corresponds to a different system .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  return true if the function passed is running under order cli example: .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   null

test:  a no-op migration for marking the request .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  null   simple_two_params
truth:  log   in

test:  helper to convert protobuf message protobuf to a protobuf protobuf .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  search for a text pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  search   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  clear the home assistant server .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the multiline atlas graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   graph

test:  adds an argument to the whole type .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  tell   arg
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path endpoint .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get markup from markup .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  add   description
truth:  apply   html

test:  loads the libzmq module .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   load
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display the current database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  display   show
truth:  print   databases

test:  the generalized error iff iff iff or equal to the salt seen_struct .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pair   method
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a text or structure of the tree .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  function   text
truth:  text   text

test:  calculate number of statistic for a given set of variable upp to the given grouping of normal variables .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   variant
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a long integer into a julian transform .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  sign a blob for use with a blob .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  simulate   null
truth:  signs   a

test:  this returns the style name .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the status from a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a composites line of the same header as a dictionary .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  view to remove a field for a user .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  returns   contents
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  check if a specific server accepts status on the given host .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create a config library for use with the given configuration .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  load   config
truth:  null   section

test:  given a list of nulls .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   event

test:  return a list of test test suite for the test suite .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  print the string output of the nest .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  returns   display
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  null   implementation

test:  tests creating the to/from type .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  define   null
truth:  make   a

test:  activate specified update a service cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  change   change

test:  update a new map with the input map and closing it .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  update   info
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a top value for the given service .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   a
truth:  describe   null

test:  helper function that creates a new getattrs object .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  value   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  store the specified bank .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  store   information

test:  calculate distorted box for a given crop .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  makes   get
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if email is a valid email .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  adds a package name to dictionary using the pkg name .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  add   a

test:  json handler for classes that accept http: and returns both before filediffs .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns either the response type or a standard response .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   temporary

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   update
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given name is a uri name .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  the main function for the initiated test .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypts a field_data function .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   attribute
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  set up the requested light platform .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return shared information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the display spec for the specified pyglet .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  return   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieves the configuration variables for the given pages .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  function   function

test:  does the clean itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  unescape   a
truth:  resets   a

test:  answers output for latex special macros .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  format   text
truth:  create   a

test:  test plot of evoked data .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   traceback
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  context manager to change sys .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  returns the top level of a file .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  to   find
truth:  to   attempts

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  run   null
truth:  let   null

test:  converts a timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a specific sm backend backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted tuple to a :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice coefficient for scale .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  cleaned   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  creates world command line for init .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert the given argument to an ndarray .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  wrap   compute
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove the given item from the database and associate the database .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a blobinfo blob from file .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve all files in the repository manifest .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts the python code code in the http code or unicode string .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   function
truth:  extracts   null

test:  render the string output of the right code .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  tests   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  calls the given power to see if the current power ref .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  wait   set
truth:  request   power

test:  get the .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  html media-related summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a steam id from a human readable id .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  read compensation integer from a plain file .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   count
truth:  count   count

test:  create a glance metadata for the specified volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  test that a a duplicate client is suitable for use with a tables .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  convert an expression to latex form .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   expr
truth:  convert   expression

test:  return the free free path in the system .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return the pants version of the pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   updates
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add the function to the base directory of a file or directory .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  function   version
truth:  flip   null

test:  syspath bcache bcache device name .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  merges two parsed data from a parsed socket .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   replace
truth:  nested   merge

test:  show a files of the start of a read .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  create   a
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns a slugify which can be used to slugify a specific slugify .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  strip additional parameters from the query .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  return   a
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create and attach a dummy node .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  sets the enterprise url to enterprise .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  configure   class

test:  given a string .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  turn   function
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  extracts the token from a cookie by the user .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  given   a

test:  given a necesary .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compresses the given template with the given callable and returns the right callable .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  register   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the complex order of u and sparse inputs .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  happen happen in nested list .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  yields   element
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for controllers in controllers .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  insert   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a string of the vat number exact character references .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the geometric conj -- in the range of squares b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dict with a content items for a basket variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solves the continuous ie of a rational function given a rational coefficient .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test season function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   image
truth:  color   color

test:  an iterator over the message makes the same api .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the formatted table string for the yaml table .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  a function to get a responses and addons the result of a specified response object .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  get   responses
truth:  mock   mock

test:  return a form with the received form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   dataset
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  reports   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  a wrapper around xml .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  check   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel fail .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  installing   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  a function for adding a temporary directory to the path .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a text .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  individual insert/commit pairs via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  check   unicode
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the dictionary representation of the static document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named database is present name the name of the database to delete .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the file paths of the file .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make a http request to the given header .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  issues   js
truth:  put   put

test:  gives the value along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if a variable is an instance of other than other .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when the scenario matches exactly .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  read a single line of a file in bytes .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  matches a table of .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  find   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  we must rooms rooms the last root of your script .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  show   list
truth:  -   -

test:  returns the ratings summary for the specified exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  debug function for a evaluation list of instance .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  stack   tests
truth:  returns   a

test:  routes untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  prints   view
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for cinder qos to appear as a dict .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static folder edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  flatten the given input and flatten all nested input variables .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  -   null
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the required size of a plugged-in device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile cli example:: salt myminion salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  require a test if the context passed in is not a crappy instance .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns only the units that raised units given units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  list user projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider fw .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  test if an error function function fails on one class .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a recent pathpatch to a 3d path .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the value of a package or a module .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the given environment using the measurement for the given environment .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  install   django

test:  sets the config settings for pyglet test run once .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  counts   config
truth:  set   gl

test:  given a string containing valid cwd .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  if   attempt
truth:  check   check

test:  create a temporary property name .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  create   use
truth:  to   null

test:  encode a string using utf-8 encoding .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  encode   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  install the plugin with a column .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  config   register
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific user .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  helper to make sure a theano variable w3af_profiling this inline use the same time .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  raise   sparse
truth:  check   number

test:  simple wrapper around is_possible_number_with_reason when invoked over an item from usage .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  usage   usage

test:  check the linear measure measure .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  code   runs
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  validate if the given string is a color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  validates   s
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the frame object .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should parse a step definition .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return width of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the name of a file in a directory path .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the number of bits in the expression is a fast integer .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  display   n

test:  return a list of human-readable chunks from a string .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalize a version string to a pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalized   function
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a full features that can be used to make a queue object .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  make   run
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup the mqtt sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a random length of the given length .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the pid of a given location .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  determine   directory
truth:  to   try

test:  return the path to the rcctl(8) path .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   manager

test:  insert a data into the data .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url from the article .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   cover
truth:  setup   setup

test:  release a module-level lock for the given student .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  returns a function that returns the given template as a response .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  render   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate a network with the given project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  associate   a

test:  renders a due request to the given course .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type si section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  deletes the virtual environment and menu the virtual environment for the provided virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the value of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  loads a file in the given path and returns it if it exists .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the manifest by dir from dir .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  returns   disk
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the backend loaded on the backend .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  returns   session
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns the closest date in a list of closest statuscheckresults .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the summary of cohort discussion discussion topics .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  null   query
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the actual tree text as a sorted tree .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list with filtering filtering .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  project   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  scans the plot .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  null   timestamp
truth:  null   method

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  if   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch an image from the given target .
truth: grab image . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  grab   image

test:  use a applying a synchronous method to send an email to the given dpid .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  check   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce all the bounce stored on the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   traffic
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo the event events .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  labels   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a query to create the query response .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  header   create
truth:  make   a

test:  returns a list of column names from a json file .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  calculates the intervals for each frame in the regions of the mean .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  indices   indices
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  retrieves a key by name .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  compute square-free factorial factorization of f .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the current state .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  set   set

test:  produce a colorbar extension for rectangular groups with either for rectangular or proportional spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  given a memory setting .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  prepare   size
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test a quantity of the current representation of a quantity .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  testing   load
truth:  test   test

test:  check the virtual service for the specified service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  given a cpu_time() value .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  to put a new virtual machine from a virtual machine path call cli example: .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  return   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  converts a string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  returns   normalize
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  helper function for always return an absolute function .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  returns   apply
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a synchronized shared array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  whether the request has a globs context .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  like   like
truth:  if   null

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   json
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  test whether a username is a refresh .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  returns   filters
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test revamped .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  approximate   test
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  redraw a windowing environment if drawing should be done in $path mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a dict with the current values stored in the request .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively call to the not-in-place directories .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the build fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip a test if denied is true .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return true if f is constant from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  returns   exclude
truth:  include   include

test:  given a list of arguments or a function .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  null   searches
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of the tags that are on the provider .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the arma process with the same name as confidence .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  turn   duplicate
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  binds dummy routes for all networks .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a connection to the ssh server .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  to   method

test:  default the dictionary style .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  fetches   style
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a feature string has scenarios scenarios .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   feature

test:  is a list of traverse in the background window .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  link   return
truth:  return   root

test:  filter a model instance with a permission or id .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  coerce code to a python code object .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  trailing   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an image to a bitmap image .
truth: return blit . 
test:  returns   cache
truth:  return   return

test:  get the zoneinfo .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  return   get
truth:  cache   cache

test:  takes a single loss .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  gets   loss
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns the kernel kernel function .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   inverse

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller - used by s3siteautocompletewidget which doesnt yet support filtering to just updateable sites - used by site_contact_person() - used by site_contact_person() @todo: have been used as returned
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  compute loglikelihood for the distr filter for the distribution .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  null   no
truth:  return   current

test:  test cleaned of different lambda function .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   in
truth:  test   values

test:  returns the base directory of a module .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  load   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new subtitle file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   media
truth:  set   new

test:  read p4 for the contents of the current pipe .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a pandas timestamp to cpu seconds .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   one
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the class name for a string name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return the module as deprecated .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   import

test:  cossim distance metric .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   interface
truth:  return   return

test:  whether a directory a given directory exists .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders without gmail can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  performs text on all acid tags .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   return

test:  get the logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   get
truth:  provides   null

test:  send an notification email for the specified email .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  send   email
truth:  renders   null

test:  uses the rest api to return the integer error .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that the password for a string is not installed .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  create   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a list of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively turn a value from a dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  turn   compute
truth:  null   word

test:  creates a directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   directories

test:  returns a single blast record from a file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  read   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  computes the generalized coefficient b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the learning phase value for a particular graph .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  serialize object to json string .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  unicode   none
truth:  object   object

test:  return the name of the qsub job id .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  function   string
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a string from the same file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create to require a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   update
truth:  to   post

test:  return the sql hash of the given query string .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  the shared integer ensures that the normal size of the dataset is correctly .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  manages   function
truth:  initialize   a

test:  find the executable executable for a given path .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file from disk .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate memory used to negative which a particular value from the memory .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  compute   correlation
truth:  simulate   a

test:  returns a tuple with the right and the results from a row .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  returns the string with the safe intact .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  use netmiko .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  blend the normalized root of the source image .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  draw   update
truth:  is   null

test:  like composite .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  func   null
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: pathignore execute pathignore tasks .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the current git git copy of colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  returns   matplotlib
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a message with open and returns an open message .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  build   a

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  debugging   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is an abstract generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets up the environment for the duration of environment variables .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  create   setup
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  create a complete chart from top data .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  salts   function
truth:  apply   a

test:  get the strings to the parent of the parent .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  handle   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a query by pages a query .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  fetch   queries
truth:  pull   pull

test:  removes a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a utc datetime to decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart all logging calls .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   handler
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  build a sequence of table metadata .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read data from a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  extracts the current page in the page .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  list   list

test:  redirect the user in .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  handle   handler
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only load the module if the kernel is installed .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   works
truth:  work   work

test:  verifies that the target roles is admin for the given target .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  verifies   context
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the column name is a column that should exist on the column .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  return   check
truth:  match   data

test:  get font font .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   names
truth:  get   names

test:  make sure the given message is a valid name .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  convenience function for creating a :ref:log_level rule .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the in-degree coefficient of the graph g in the bipartite graph g .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric value to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack the data for the usable format .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  generate   core
truth:  pack   pack

test:  checks if a git sha is a valid git sha .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a string to valid size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  null   invariant

test:  create a plot with the data .
truth: table plot . 
test:  transforms   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  creates an array of doubles from the shape and returns it .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  produces a html string .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  post   post

test:  plot a single image in a plot .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  display   display

test:  calculates the trimmed square set of given axis .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  sums   elements

test:  returns true if the specified category is either letter or the system .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish real-time .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the heap hmac sha of a given sha .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a generator for the all packages .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  yields   null

test:  return whether x is a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  a context manager that returns the the follow object that yields the given file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  load   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  return true if the given directory is found in the given directory .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  files   files

test:  create a list of attributes of the values of the given object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  get   like
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a container from a docker installation container container id cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   a

test:  in the default anomaly .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  check   function
truth:  return   parallel

test:  generate a random encryption key for the document with the private key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  computes   key
truth:  compute   compute

test:  try to parse the namespace .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build a map of the inverse barcode .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   a

test:  given one result from mapbox and a country object .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  takes   one
truth:  given   one

test:  add or update language to the given dstpath type .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  searches for a 2-tuple of keys in the := user .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  list   function
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove one or more clear' queue .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  apply   list
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete a calendar from the calendar database .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  force-reload the locate database cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  see   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  return a filename for the pdf epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  boolean   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to run tests on active .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  queue view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  allow registration of node to be redirected in node for a node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  iterator   execution
truth:  display   display

test:  create or update a term translation .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  searches   html
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new figure with the defined axis .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a random string of the supplied string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  insert edit the user on the command line .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return the string mode for the given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  return   read
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing graph with redirection digraph with redirection digraph .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the unicode encoding corresponding to the given encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  get   like
truth:  get   get

test:  go through the possible failed page and return an array of validation .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function returns the current user name .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  linear regression filter parameters x : distribution .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  apply   power
truth:  order   order

test:  parses an creation field with a date name .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  takes a network network and returns the input network sensor .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the versioned id field id .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generates generates and label for versions of image and label iterator .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  find the trimmed value for a given string .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  function   multiple
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  get the command line args from the user .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns the unfulfilled content usage information for a given user .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  render   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  write multiple files .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  run   a
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a value that implements the value of a model .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constructs and returns a launch instance .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get a string by sorting the number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  token   token

test:  get the fast dot product of sklearn .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  finds   image
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and parse a valid value .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  fix the attribute dictionary .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  apply   fixes
truth:  converts   payload

test:  convert a runtime list of dicts to a dict with the given revision list .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  extended glob function that supports cyclic pattern and offset .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   a

test:  add plugins plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check virtualbox functions for one or more curvature operations .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  is   read
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if f is a distribution .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  using   filter

test:  return the vector of seconds in a game manner .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  returns   dummy
truth:  is   null

test:  create an principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on chebyshev .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  value   function
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return true if the given command is a installed command .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  find   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create the given tables in the table .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a basic guid name .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if text is a pkiz .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  queue view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  reports   reports
truth:  display   display

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  mangle the mako loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  solves   signal
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  general purpose function if a video has a audio audio .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  restores   create
truth:  merges   video

test:  unpack a single manager from the given signal .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  construct   use
truth:  null   initializer

test:  a little helper function to check if a string is a valid list .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the values of a new network_id .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  install   a
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse a content-type like authorization .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list the rest server on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  call signature:: xscale function for use in the class setup .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  works   decorator
truth:  null   variant

test:  a hack to timed .
truth: helper function . 
test:  report   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  collect page names for production routes .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  returns the ip address from the principal principal principal returns a date .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the function for the chi^2 probability distribution .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  principal components from the line named observations .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  callback   check
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return true if the input header is a substring .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get the instance returned by the secrets database .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  require a view request for a view .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  require   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of the custom sql sql sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys instance with the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  returns a dictionary with the state whose state has been environments .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  search   return
truth:  map   map

test:  return the full locale path to the django locale directory .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  return   in
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the executor modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the candidate directory path .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  update   register
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  uses   uses

test:  convert a json node to the native object .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a binary string to a numpy integer .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  required   wrapper
truth:  convert   a

test:  gcd a realm for a particular user .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  raise   entries
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  given a list of lists .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   storage

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like iterable .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  trunc call to maintain datetime from now .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  see if inverse of the whole modules .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  test   iterator
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   list
truth:  function   function

test:  set user as complex flag .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  creates a new record for testing the right number of bits to write to the vm .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  register a warning storage storage storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test creating a release given the git branch .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  checkout   run
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   length
truth:  limit   limit

test:  not all null strings .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  to   try

test:  a callback which can be called from scheduler .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  null   django
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  shutdown a domain via the system .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  send   a

test:  wraps internal browser method and alias with a scheduler .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   a

test:  list the versions available for the given function cli example: .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  list the renderers loaded on the minion .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  determine the keys of a key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  returns   inverse
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns the securitygroupid id for the given vm .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred channels safe for work status .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  give the failure of the system if its defined .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  function   function
truth:  url   url

test:  generate an adapter adapter name .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a list of sizes that are on the provider .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns the base and opattern and opattern for obtain equation .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  returns   stack
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the maximum element in a reference .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  called   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  start the global c{zope .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  start   start
truth:  debug   debug

test:  ignores a specific process given a text .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  process   run
truth:  run   program

test:  creates a directory at text and its context .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  print a diff .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   prints

test:  given a module path .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  to   alternative

test:  check that we have negative indices .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  boolean   helper
truth:  indices   indices

test:  check if object is iterable .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a convenience function to check whether or not .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full site folder for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  process   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return the intersection of the graph that exist in g .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  completely remove all files from the master .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  pop an image from local histogram .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  return   return

test:  add the given course to the list of data .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  add   add
truth:  append   course

test:  make sure that input data match a table with normal column names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  test   input
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of all matches found in the sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use internet internet devices .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   set

test:  converts a numpy dtype list to a python dtype .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  write   a
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  provide a summary of dictionaries .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   information
truth:  display   a

test:  add pillar units to the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  add   null
truth:  to   null

test:  runs the pip tests with the right status from the logger .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  run   null
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the path to the app of the url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  base64 decodes data .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  naive function for the first kind of a list of numbers .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return the global logging handler object as the name for logging .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  create   setup
truth:  init   init

test:  test whether a directory should run as a test .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  cleanup   attempt
truth:  clean   up

test:  optionally optionally converts a class into a class .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  reset   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  find and return the singleton node with the given process .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the first child of the data .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a series of the form a particular group .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns 8-bit 8-bit string .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  calculates the approximate error measure for arma cases .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   features
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  helper method to run an interactive test on any of the environment .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  produces   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clear the review apps for the current review editor .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  convert list of tuples to 16-bit .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  indices   find
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the client id from the scope .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hexdump -> str build a per byte string .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the poetry and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  returns a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the fourier sequence in a sequence .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct contingency matrix for a stereo matrix .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  build   a

test:  takes a dictionary with the output of the url-safe contents of the given string .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index indices in it with elements at the given value .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  null   index
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  convert real .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  compute   real
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the default token for the given token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the arguments in the given dict .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  splits   split
truth:  split   a

test:  get the db ip .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return the group formatting variable for a group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx links .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves information about the given image and returns the appropriate xml tree .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  get   information
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract a leaks from a list of tuples .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  open   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a new *rules expression .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  result   result

test:  install and return a new terminal from kivy .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  installing   install
truth:  import   import

test:  sends the user on email .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   report
truth:  send   auto

test:  get the generator on all version number of version counter .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  elementwise exponential minus one function .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   get

test:  returns virtualbox additions additions .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  move   ip
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  compute the carriage of a polynomial .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  divide all coefficients by a constant in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  divide   map
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  update the weekly stats for the given user .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  save   statistics

test:  differentiate polynomials for the square polynomials in gf(p)[x] and a multivariate distribution .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multivariate   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  normalize a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  divide   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test download exit status code when blank requirements .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  null   download
truth:  download   download

test:  geometric average mean from prediction between 0 and see all other numbers .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  expr   running
truth:  take   null

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  if   checks

test:  get an adapter adapter to the sympy adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check for creating a block of expressions .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  remove mako under obscures docstrings from rst precict .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  strip   replaces
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode a base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  memoize aka ignores empty things .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  memoize   get
truth:  is   null

test:  display a learner profile .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the scalar distance between points and rho .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   vectors

test:  initialize the function as appropriate for the column .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  releases   custom
truth:  initializes   null

test:  get the current installed entrypoint installed .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   get

test:  logs a elapsed elapsed time to the rest api .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   null
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  assign a random id to a used in used .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reset the database used by deleting a new database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  running   running

test:  resolve the encoding name .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a group of tuples into a single string .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  track   everything
truth:  compose   null

test:  given a api keys .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  fetches   get
truth:  gets   information

test:  takes a list of dictionaries and returns the appropriate item in the dictionary .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  aux function .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  calculates the harmonic mean along the specified axis .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the nth moment of the lower triangle of the given list .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a locale for the current locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  score   a
truth:  use   nd

test:  return a tuple containing the indexing chunks .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if the installed version is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate that namespace by least common characters .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the configuration options to use .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  derivative of a given function .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the squared slices of two values .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  compare   a

test:  performs a response as a simple view to help auth .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  calculate the user @todo: @todo: flexget api .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  get   service

test:  takes a soundcloud datetime .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   a

test:  removes an existing resource zone from the specified zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   containers
truth:  remove   a

test:  is this a convenient instance .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function for removing temporary directory .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a post .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  build the hover hover for the test .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  set the new tagged .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  configure   configures
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at a single ratio .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  boolean   test
truth:  test   test

test:  insert a list of records into a database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  insert   sql
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  grab   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  start   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the introduction component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  given a indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  parse   statement
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a organizations activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the direct part of an array of pairs .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  if   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the path to the new module if found .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  truncate a string containing a frequency of w .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove the named file .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the logging level .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set the current keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of current user .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  list   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  attributes   sparse
truth:  strip   a

test:  obfuscate the row-matrix by a tuple .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends a command to the given console console .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return the details of a volume .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  download an object from s3 file .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   in
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  outputs   one

test:  calculate the variance of the given values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  mean   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the confusion matrix .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  deprecated method for selecting the specific login login handler .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  using the uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  support   record
truth:  generate   a

test:  bayesian information criterion or schwarz criterion parameters effect_size : float estimate of the loglikelihood variance or determinant of the loglikelihood in the multivariate case .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  filters the images - targets - targets - targets - targets - targets - filters - targets + .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  build a class instance from the name of the python dictionary .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  build   null
truth:  create   create

test:  setup a gpio configuration .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  module   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  upload a file to the s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   a

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  key for the key of a repository .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   key
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the local ip address or none if it needs to be a given target .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture to setup cpu time zone .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the list of unique tree .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  turn   null

test:  load and return *plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   a
truth:  named   load

test:  test real-valued with compute compute --outdated emails .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  have   apply
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  read ssh data from ssh --version .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  download   read
truth:  read   read

test:  decorator to query a query method .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  to   code
truth:  have   null

test:  test an expression of and and or .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns a string when input is given .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  represent   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  checks if a string is present .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the contents of a given module to the given port .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  write   null
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the right endpoint to use for the given mailchimp .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  if   step
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return server version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  server   return
truth:  return   version

test:  evaluates the dimensions of the input distribution with the specified shape .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  null   region
truth:  draws   null

test:  setup a users request calls to the user within a given request .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  thread   xor
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all the metadata for a given course_id and a users threads .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  retrieve   metadata
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the pyenv versions of pyenv and run the version .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a given directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   get

test:  modify network interface buffer sizes cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  convert changes to one-hot grid parameters arr : array the observed grid grid .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  create   a

test:  a blob command line utility function to handle the directories that doesnt exist .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a neighbor to call a function with a *populations* at the end of each time .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  dumps a dna class from the list of tupleargs .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  find   a
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load service drivers .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  load   character
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture that returns a list of all uploaded files get the table of the authenticated table .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  to   fixture

test:  return the python code for a given project .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  returns   class
truth:  return   python

test:  use this method to get a game high from the specified user .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  make   helper
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate over a mdict item .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   return

test:  check the specified features is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  command   null
truth:  to   null

test:  annotate a list of full arguments together with a single string .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  annotate   a
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if the point is in a single point .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   uses
truth:  if   null

test:  returns true if all distributions in the given task .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  returns the template string for the current database_engine .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  get   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given a value for the spent key as a python data structure .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the inverse of the string a theano shared variable returns none if square is not a .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the query to see if the query contains configured .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a double integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  read ros handshake header header from a .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  write   populate
truth:  read   in

test:  test user logs out of current session .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  logs   check
truth:  logout   logout

test:  extracts the primary primary code at the source and return the resulting code .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   python

test:  default data type .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  default   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the given case string includes the argument to an argument .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  stack   a
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  returns http score_reset data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  return   iterable
truth:  is   null

test:  merge multiple dicts into a single dictionary .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute a generator for the given contents of a folder with the given hidden url .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  takes   compute
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a string using a python json encoding .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  stores entities from the datastore and deletes them .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   entities
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize the console logging .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return the string representation of the python interpreter .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  restores a value .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  string   string
truth:  value   value

test:  get a series of the opening/closing added with the data .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the given xml and convert it into a tuple .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a fully-qualified model that can be used with a particular model .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  null   null
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  runs a english theme for every theme installed theme .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  generate   detach
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the list of directories that are located in the given dir .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test the {category_value:index_of_sample_with_that_value} {category_value:index_of_sample_with_that_value} tests for mne same column .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  test   compare
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports & used by skill .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get the shortcut from the current environment .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the url of a prefix .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  creates   tag
truth:  extract   null

test:  retrieve authenticated user .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  check   user
truth:  gets   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume type .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the demo light platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  this function takes a list of ints and returns the closest moves .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  return   number
truth:  returns   a

test:  test bistochastic test for a bug .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   dimension
truth:  check   check

test:  publish a full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  train a model that can be used to train a model .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  train   rms
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to wait for the wrapped method to be run before the test .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert stashed .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  code   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper for parallelization .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  return the url to use for tracking pageviews sets .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  sanitize   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the string contained in the http_x_real_ip to recognize .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate the vector of the backoff backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  finds reproducible in data that make the first column of a point or a given coordinates .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test the secondary secondary line secondary .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   line

test:  register a interface as appropriate for the given shellcode .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  push   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  return true if the readable url matches the query .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an iterable of elements in the entries of the matrix without which are the elements of the matrix .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the maximum number of non-zero elements in a list .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of files in the folder tree .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  return the cover page for the given container name .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compile a regular expression note: the same name looks like a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadata-schema object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return data to use the rest api version cli example: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all exploits directories corresponding to a given package .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  returns the number of validation digit digit digit digit digit .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  returns   get_words
truth:  calculates   null

test:  convert a variable to float .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  null   null
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compare all of the baseline blocks of the baseline package .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the stats to the given instance .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   disk
truth:  save   migration

test:  add an executable to commands .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  create   add
truth:  to   null

test:  returns document info and fallback to a document .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  checks whether a command line looks like a file containing a specific file .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   null

test:  clean out a docker headers from the given status .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  thread   module
truth:  remove   remove

test:  monkey-patch the ast node with the given node and source node .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patches   legacy
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send e-mail when a user is published .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  make predictions on one of the whole input .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  rotate   runtime
truth:  measure   measure

test:  helper function to wait for a given python object that returns a handle to its errors when the current exceptions .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefixes .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  redirect to a given partition .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  validate a google storage response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the log of a feature .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypts an ssh public key on the given public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  fixture to run an fixture with its graphviz if found .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  fixture   compat
truth:  test   test

test:  index_weblinks inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  control   messages
truth:  received   messages

test:  returns true/false whether a given user has a permission for other model .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   in
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if a specific config exists .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns whether a given backend can be set or not .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  uninstall a remote task with a task .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be called at exit if func is not a function or not cli example: .
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  task add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert an extension to list of the elements of the other examples .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  null   like
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail in an image with a given thumbnail with a data structure .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  test that installing a strides cudandarray is preserved .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  create   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a number into a naive dict .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the given text as bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  removes   text
truth:  string   string

test:  the sqeuclidean dot product of 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  find the path to the plugin .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  set   current
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  modify the score_set context for a specific user in a value .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  has   user
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with a working copy of sudo .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  working   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use spaces spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  separate   use
truth:  use   use

test:  require project test .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   foo

test:  set the state for the state to the state .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of all the results in the specified results .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  landing page for webclient .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  null   page

test:  display an redirects to a given redirects .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  loads   changes
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test if a test case of file may be a subclass of any file or a filename .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  check that the anchor has been marked with the so we can extend the hash of other data to run in the hash .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   utility
truth:  reads   html

test:  check if object is a tuple .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  recursively bind the given value .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  bind   in
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the identity nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  flow_stmt : flow_stmt | expr_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  sends an xml score to one of the update score .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  send   limit
truth:  create   create

test:  get the maximum element obtained by a single value .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make nested into a sequence of all lines in the same time .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  return   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode cert base-64 field .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return false if we are the number of packages with .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if there are allowed to be allowed to perform any of the given view .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  n-dimensionally spatial sigmoid function for testing .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set a path to a file .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   set

test:  a no-op migration for marking the grizzly release .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  null   shutdown
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a specific sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  if   load
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of the the necessary template the right records for the given template in the right template .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  to   function

test:  test whether the named service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  is   check
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  get the x model components of x .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  measure   way
truth:  return   return

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  cleans up the given settings: after get_config_vars() .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test the riak method .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  runs   a

test:  explicitly use the given object as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  null   null

test:  get the shell from the master .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  get   authentication
truth:  load   load

test:  replaces all .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  check   decodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all firewall events .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of a folder cli example: .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  transform a sequence into multiple inherited tuples .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  to   a
truth:  named   add

test:  sends email to a recipient task with a user .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  context   context

test:  convert an index to a flat list .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   a

test:  return a string consisting of an image tag .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  return the parameters from the t t file .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  download   download

test:  does the node represent a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  removes a task with ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  get the unique index from the word .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if flags is update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or a path .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  go through the request and return a message object that can be overridden in a template .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute a command on a remote host .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  command   command

test:  compose the series expansion of the degree of a linear newton .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the path to the widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  compute the paired distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the edge edge function is used for testing the edge frame of the proxies .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  to   null

test:  create a setting that doesnt have masked masked .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   check
truth:  issue   issue

test:  checks if the input is a two numbers .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a string with the oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the symmetric tensor of the minute tensor and labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  pad   class
truth:  pads   null

test:  write a summary of the response .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   formats
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if a gcode text is a valid procedure .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  converts an adapter to a pushover response .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  method to check akismet spam spam spam spam .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  the temporary setting should be the idea from the sdk .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  set   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert an image into a network because pyramid pyramid pyramid .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a simple wrapper for predicate that accepts predicate .
truth: like common . 
test:  compute   wsgi
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the first result of the command .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a given launch asg .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a decorator to do all length duplicates .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  code   implementation
truth:  generates   a

test:  github a table with a a multi-dim of masked groups .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  test   polar
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  ensure that we can do not try to copy do not escape the unicode files .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  test   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns a new cursor with a yaml cursor as a dict .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  return   sql
truth:  work   work

test:  view showing showing the homepage .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  handle   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  parse the log statement .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  adds   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  connect a box to a interface .
truth: send an email . 
test:  transforms   insert
truth:  send   send

test:  add a new oauth put into the firebase note that the firebase can accept a firebase .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 vertexes from paths .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the parametrized general quadratic ternary quadratic ternary ternary + x_{2}^2 + fxy + cz^2 ternary + x_{2}^e + cz^2 + fxy + gyz + hxz = quadratic eq quadratic
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a property; type for a single resource type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the title or the title or the given node .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a dict of the providers providers .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convenience function to check if a tenant exists and append append .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  check   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an image id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends an xml element to a mount connection .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the vlc object emitting the vlc object emitting the vlc type .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parses a network details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a string for a registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  documents a resource type and methods .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  null   analytics
truth:  get   resource

test:  clears the given directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize a path name .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get hosts from tests .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  memoize   hosts
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add to threads from the point .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  strip   uploads
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shutdown a running system with last_update .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  send a delete request to a wsgi application .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  helper function to determine if the given esi is a valid esi esi .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  view returning the elasticsearch .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the service for a particular user .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the file paths recursively of the file paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver driver module .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   inspector
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if g is a distance regular array .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a page with a page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  create   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() use this decorator .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verify the validity of a gpg file .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  n-dimensional geometric transform using a given mapping .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  function   find
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  add a key to a specific value .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   check

test:  rename an account .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  process   handler
truth:  copies   copies

test:  http request for persisting .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  queries   js
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface cli example: .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  adds region on all input jobs .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  retrieve info on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  reserve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  to convert non-sequence jedi to rst cie cie .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  calculate   vim
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  test that the basics gl backend should have a 2d gl .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   verifies
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a list of similarity patterns .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  helper function for the git walk and returns a list of git tuples .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  initialize   one
truth:  clear   null

test:  yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  convert a time in seconds to hms .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  yields pairs of all non-overlapping nodes in the given pattern .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  iterate   generator
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  get the system of the disk image .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a dir with the given path and all the given path .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a middleware that validates the current middleware .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  make   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the target by side loop .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  stop   remove
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a dictionary with keys of notifications or item and values for the given user .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  imports an object by name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to check the @no_type_check effect of a test .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of datastores to use in this location cli example: .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  calls default :class:arrowfactory <arrow .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  null   in
truth:  get   current

test:  returns true if all the prog < is a regular expression .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  tuple   implementation
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  performs the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  a function used to mark the misc for a test .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  are   null
truth:  =   =

test:  return the sum of raw sum for the given meter .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert attribute names into a list of dicts .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  start frappe development processes .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  verify   configuration
truth:  run   run

test:  usage: the client for a single recent view .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  register   wrapper
truth:  display   display

test:  compute the surface of a matrix .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   tris

test:  school restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners on a virtual network .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   listeners

test:  validate the python package name .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  solves the module-level lyapunov equation using the zero zero .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  check   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  check that a precision integer is a valid precision .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that returns a function that wraps synctasklet and will fail if the function is raised .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a standard downloaded window by running cmd in a given mode .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to find the __init__ file in the given directory .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user to database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either the dom or not present .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clear all registered clears .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   calls
truth:  clears   null

test:  default view for decision seconds .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  load a 2d file .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  execute python python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  validate   running
truth:  assert   assert

test:  a task for handling get refresh from a given refresh .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  -   connection
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  a convenience function to generate an instance of a class .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets all fixed ips for a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  resolve an mro to an existing model .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register keystoneclient connection .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  double url-encodes all characters in a given payload notes: * useful to bypass some weak web application firewalls that do not double url-decode the request before processing it through their
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  warn the user has all bears and subpackages their own targets .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  retrieves   reading
truth:  prints   prints

test:  receive share part of service when parsing have been registered .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a grep line .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  check   a
truth:  called   null

test:  remove doc if it exists .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the cached location .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the unused port on localhost on which the given port socket .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  produces a copy of the dictionary and returns the appropriate dictionary .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  split the filename into a single filename .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  splits   split
truth:  get   get

test:  convenience function to mongo a direct connection .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  create   a

test:  input a string and the values of a given take value .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  if   shorthand
truth:  value   value

test:  provide signals for the supplied resource fields .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   resource
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all the expression a file object .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start the keyboard assistant server .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the list of *locale codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a migration or raise if it does not exist .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  regression test for url#issuecomment-101821641 .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  create a private key for a dictionaries .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  encode   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  setup   return
truth:  get   get

test:  append append to the end of a pound character .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  complete   null

test:  strips a number .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  function   replace
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  create a new http server certificate server certificate .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   returns
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  ensure that automatic automatic small based on config file .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup as a sitemap application .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   link
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the prefix for system type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the composition of the pareto bound to the given problem .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorrelation distance matrix multiplication .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  convert a 2-d array to a 2d array of current axes .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  send out a twill event for a db .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  emit   events

test:  test unicode axes why option .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  complete xonfig xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  tests that the username need to be exploration on a system .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  to   os
truth:  test   test

test:  parses the given port description .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  import and return a module by name .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  converts a theano type to a theano integer .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  value   group
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches for a list of python code for a template .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  check   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  returns true if p is algebraic and weights .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function which performs the user for a media user .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  return   config
truth:  default   default

test:  converts a string to a valid ip address .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  function   null
truth:  leading   strip

test:  parse ftp username and send the results of ftp to ftp .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  load   function
truth:  parse   parse

test:  logs a particular switch .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  control   check
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a list of objects representing a html tree .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub class corresponding to the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  a convenience function to generate replacements .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  null   format
truth:  null   null

test:  compute autocovariance number of data in passed in represents callable .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all vms that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator to log a method used in seconds before the function took .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a temporary filename that has the given name and secret .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns true if all access to the specified key can be deleted .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  if   access
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that the sitenavigation for a regression test run on the model .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  compiledobject   disk
truth:  test   a

test:  send http request to the telegram api .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  get   request
truth:  make   null

test:  checks whether a string is a decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the full path to a resource on the master .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  kruskal function .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  compute   handler
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  consumes a function to random elements in seq .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  strip the uri from the path and end of a uri .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  strip   html
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return partition information from lvm lsmod cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read node information from a fif file .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  compute   format
truth:  evoked   read

test:  ensure the config options are made in the rectangular config .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a decorator that makes sure a function is set .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  builds a dictionary with the tree grouped by all node type .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  function   function

test:  enables previously disabled instance tracking of plugin being performed .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  compare   decorator
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset representation of a queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  options nit : int .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make a virtualenv from a operator .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decode a raw base64 encoded data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  generate a analyze analyze file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  function   temporary
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a start date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  create   date
truth:  convert   day

test:  pad an iterable object to a list .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pad   pad

test:  fetch an authorization response for a resource .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  find   execution
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  request   append
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if a domain-matches domain-matches domain a and b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the movie position where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   movie
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to run module in nominated namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encode the given input using the base64 encoding .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get or create or create anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous if one exists .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  creates   triangle
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return the default list of the current environment cli example: .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  nice -> string return a nice version of s .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   representation

test:  returns the string used for authorization and 1s to utf-8 .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  link   quote
truth:  remove   html

test:  generates the email address of a thin start with the given start date .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  discover all full volumes no gaps .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  run   system
truth:  get   memory

test:  maps sorted sorted pairwise_distances .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  compare   get
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the sample symbol used by review board .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the current warning class .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the system entry point .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  if   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a set-like header with the musicbrainz header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a dataset with shelve and words .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse the method from either a list of parameters or training .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  extracts the bytes from a wsgi environ dictionary .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  read epochs as epochs .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to check whether a file exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a embedded embedded integer .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  mean squared logarithmic error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <mean_squared_log_error> .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  squared   mean
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns equation for rectangular seconds .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the list of feed entries contained in the given feed url .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  check   demo
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a list of list of strings .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return the sortkey object .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the directory where ipython itself are stored in the ipython directory .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using the downhill algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set selling price list of every price list of selling .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   default
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check if the contents of the 'thepageshouldcontainthehtml"{text}"' contents has been verified .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  an existing config file should raise a valueerror if beautifulsoup is not a config .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  config   config
truth:  config   config

test:  add a new volume type to iops .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  perform   add
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a string for a given numeric uid .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  takes   attempt
truth:  null   uid

test:  find maximum xmax data from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the cups sensor .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register a function to be executed when an http role is created .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns the list of data that this denominator based on the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  get   a

test:  install some cross installed in python script .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  install   v
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   optional
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis to *s* .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  check all checks leading checks .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  output   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert some hosts from remote .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  return   a
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   null
truth:  puts   null

test:  a simple way to sysctl a file .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  remove tags for the specified resource ids .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  retrieve   patch
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  yields pairs of the repository cwd the path to the mercurial repository encoding .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  to   prints
truth:  command   command

test:  imports should always take a numpy array .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  importing   test
truth:  check   check

test:  flip the exception for an exception raised by the expression .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  function   tests
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test sha-1 of kit loc .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  combined   solve
truth:  test   test

test:  require a non harden credentials .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  view   default
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replaces invalid characters with a equivalent equivalent .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  null   metric
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract a single step offset into an array .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  install a powershell module if the given package is greater than the target vista name the logic to b: the container link to true .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  create   link
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip add zulip requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <sonarqube+plugin> :arg str install-name: release goals what plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  transform a demarta batches into one of the demarta demarta .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   tuples
truth:  mixed   null

test:  returns the canonical path for a resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a formatted table overlap for the given table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar settings .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  add a user to created group .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of the run configuration configuration configuration file for the upstart run in the python configuration configuration .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the group id to a string containing the default group name .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  process   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a maskdef time .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the path to the movie dir .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  plugin   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a wsgi application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  formats a value for use in a url .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  noop   noop

test:  mimic the virtual machines table cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a json string like user .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update or update quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function h1v(z) .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from a task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  pending   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  download a web page and determine its resulting version that runs a deferred .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   decimal
truth:  run   pylint

test:  view a email for a user .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  email   a
truth:  given   a

test:  merge the solution in a b-spline .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  converts   multiple
truth:  is   null

test:  make up a signal with appropriate depth .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  will check each standard location details in the hierarchy question are found in the hierarchy .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function to write a temporary file path to a temporary directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  append   a
truth:  write   test

test:  tests the matplotlib weights should be ok .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  create   a

test:  given a list of unread ids .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  return   entries
truth:  given   a

test:  fetch ami for the given instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  fetch   node
truth:  null   nodes

test:  returns the path to the appropriate migrate command .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a higher order function implemented on the client .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return a list of hosts for the named host in the given cluster .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract the md5 address of a given path .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  null   up
truth:  return   return

test:  a generator that yields the open file and returns a generator .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  file   null
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  recursively merge the values of dictionary and all values of the c{attribute} value .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  left   null

test:  implement the file or filename of a file .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  file   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  display an error message .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  null   method

test:  run a module namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  like   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns true if the current request should be profiles .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  checks to see if the account exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  call subprocess .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  duplicates   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ldflags ldflags wrapper to keep ascii files .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  return   indices
truth:  extract   a

test:  create a mixture from a predicate .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a single credential from a tenant and tenant_id .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a default size of the value .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check and return the list of existing regions .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   print
truth:  report   report

test:  given a javascript fragment .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  initializes   wrapper
truth:  set   up

test:  return the native type from a range header .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  return   range

test:  test exponential sparse matrix .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a packed string and makes a packed binary string .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  pack   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate the javascript_code value if the value is undefined .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the synchronized camera .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a discrete random variable with a laplace distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager for temporary destination cwd .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  helper to parse a homogeneous message object into a output_path object .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  null   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get the logger .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to find the torrent info in the torrent .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   torrent

test:  converts a dictionary to a required format .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  create   create

test:  rehash the configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function for displaying expressions generated in the sympy form .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the mac address configured on the pci device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list all zones on a zone cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  return   accepts
truth:  list   everything

test:  create a new imview instance .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   version

test:  return the grains from the device if it exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a scalar function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   options

test:  tries to get a date from the format .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  get   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if filename has a zipfile in its file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   check
truth:  see   null

test:  tax delete page .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calls the given function in a deferred and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  call   run
truth:  function   function

test:  create and verify the configuration .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  create   create

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   description
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns the similarity of the synset distance .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a 2d set of values to a 2d scalar .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  reload the storage storage policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  classify   a
truth:  null   policies

test:  check to see if the partition exists cli example: .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  validates   remove
truth:  ensure   null

test:  subscribe content back to the namespace plugin .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  returns   hook
truth:  config   handler

test:  does the commit itself and resets a node .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  return   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  convert a list of numbers to a natural string .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   candidate

test:  main function :return: none .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to require an instance or not .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the filename attribute of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the right uri in the uri returned by inclusion in the uri .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  evaluate 3d 3d transformation using legendre polynomial given observations and variance .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pads   check
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test a boto binary .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  fake   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a dataset for a dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  input   validation
truth:  restricts   null

test:  parse an email to the system email address .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  queues   null
truth:  sending   sending

test:  adds a widget to the widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns a task name .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  raise the location of each row in parallel .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   convert
truth:  error   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  number of offset in the most recent acpi_tables .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   i

test:  given a uri .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  check   get
truth:  look   up

test:  check if the given similarity is in the autotest_remote command .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  imports   up
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return the cumulative line number of the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  scan   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly and all of its managed pages .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   download
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert a string to a byte string .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  convert   parses
truth:  translate   a

test:  construct a single user object from a authorization token and a single string .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   function
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random other connections .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  change   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  update   a
truth:  set   set

test:  gets the node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reads the images from a file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  delete a volume cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   volume
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the given value value for a given type and closed field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  common chebyshev base class for multiplier .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  null   calculation

test:  update user location in memcached .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  if   os
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  add a new devices to a list of paths .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a pid exists in the system .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  return the magic string used in mb .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieve all the collection ids from the collection rights .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  find a list with the same name and returns the current inclusion_one_default_from_template daily .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the input value to a lower expression .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  take   version
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a given resource from a fits file .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  name the name of a package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  installed   uninstall
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a dont find the right view in the database if a table has a entities that is not a get_absolute_url() .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  null   build
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a line .
truth: print line . 
test:  string   a
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the review groups are valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  returns given ipv6 data in graph6 format .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  s -> ose3-master .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  find   wrapper
truth:  create   a

test:  update the specified data and update its data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  merge   update
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a list of colors to a scope type .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   fill
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculate the signal from a given lag lag .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  order   order

test:  execute the permission suspend on the meaning .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse a content-type like token .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  template   template

test:  reset the cached http connection keys by the given http .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  return   human
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  returns whether the system has a definition in the default environment .
truth: aux function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  a log error message for the last change to an openid file .
truth: log os . 
test:  error   error
truth:  log   os

test:  copy function or function to a function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  copy   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  converts   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper for twitter .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  sets   filters
truth:  function   function

test:  compute area score function for prediction classification model parameters y : ndarray the score lazily 56 : ndarray .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   shorthand
truth:  compute   compute

test:  tests whether the named ip exists in the method exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a python class to an integer .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  converts   url
truth:  convert   duration

test:  move the flags from the scalar to the given point .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the opacity opacity from the given image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  sets   standard
truth:  change   change

test:  a method which accepts the default debug function as well as the default .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a string of bytes from the s3 text string and return a list of cmd .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  run   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (windows version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  transform the given definition types to the expected definition .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   null
truth:  maps   maps

test:  convert a string in bytes to bytes in the given string .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open or create database at path .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   file
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds app type to the default worker for both files .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  related   apps
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the vector whose :class:query components are in the same direction .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   v

test:  helper method for parsing featured featured key .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests retrieving a full site .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  tests   units

test:  returns metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  return   metadata

test:  ajax view for consistency and returns a 400 revision .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   null
truth:  mount   a

test:  counts the given string queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  given   function
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse the response from a readmodifywriterow request and return a "<if>@<endpoint>" query .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  add a nice integer to the appropriate fetcher kind of a nice key .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  git   step
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the backends backends .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create the elimination matrix for order n .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the string with the given filepath .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  if   config
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple containing the schemes ref .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter sparseblockouter for sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   optimization
truth:  null   null

test:  test if the database has isoinfo .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  changes   update
truth:  execute   null

test:  run half of all the tests to the final server .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  download   run
truth:  run   flake8

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  index   index
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a servers to the specified volume name cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  a decorator for views that require the test run of a test .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   secant
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return the final status of a list of statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the path to the target targets .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  search   search

test:  tests a test for a problem with a gaussian level .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return an unpickled engine that renders the invocation for the provided engine .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  finds   connection
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  points   crud
truth:  provides   null

test:  open the data for this fan-out .
truth: given a server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get language-code config .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a field to the database .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  renames   a
truth:  test   test

test:  accepts a json string as json .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple checking for the specified mode .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  -   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  returns the current policy for the specified account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private key required by a user .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  calculates latest virtual environment_ with the travis paginates .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  retrieves entrez results for a database .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  if   routine
truth:  post   a

test:  return the courseusergroup id for the given user .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   course
truth:  given   a

test:  load the configuration for the current linux distribution .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a thumbnail thumbnail with the given parameters .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  null   create
truth:  create   a

test:  function to run a function in a transaction .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  run   running
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compiles fnclex library .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  create   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  decide whether a model was allowed .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  resolve   list
truth:  given   a

test:  as many times .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  builds   null

test:  helper to decorate a function to store a chunk of all critical tokens .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  provides   in
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a csr that is inside a loaded of colors .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  function   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the given url to the given language url .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of ports setype for the given port .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of a given variable from environment variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns all the manifest id from the given package .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  verifies   find
truth:  archive   sources

test:  convert color name to color tuple .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a dictionary of all the handlers for a sigusr .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  handle   logging
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes old messages from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  converts a string to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  base64   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare function to sort sync_num from a key function .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether or not the given patterns should be imported .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup ssl options for the ssl config files .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  assign   logging
truth:  move   move

test:  read all the config files .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  check if the integer list of valid objects are valid .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the specified name .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a generic kernel version of the hypervisor hypervisor .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a resource for the given topic to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  build   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns the auth string contained in the http body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with decision-tree .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the build spec file and place it in build area cli example: .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  null   a
truth:  count   count

test:  returns a ticket ticket based on top of the current request and extended ticket by the request .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  obtains   view
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th distance integral the minkowski mean squared error integral of the l**p mean squared squared error positives .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  p   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  like raw .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  substitute   null

test:  tracebacks is an iterator of crash by crash .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  pair   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to ensure the given object is a postscript test .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  decorated   null

test:  updates the epoch of epochs with the same name than one .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  update   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sort a dict by *iterator_type* the most recent values .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sorts   dict
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from receiver from receiver .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  adds a node to the given node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  function   matrices
truth:  register   a

test:  parse a topic .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a long integer to bytes .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  use   use

test:  delete the standard datastore mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  start   in
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns current prompt with the provided time .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  to   tokens

test:  list all the vms on this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if a point is applied .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a workflow exceptions that was loaded by the trying trying to any generic exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  displays   update
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a new line with the output file .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  cases: from url .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  iterates   crud
truth:  create   create

test:  writes the progress file to disk .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  update   null
truth:  write   a

test:  compute a pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  solve   real

test:  which is the person of a person .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   job
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message with the provided title and validations .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the [elementwise] stack of two numbers .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: stash execute stash config .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   stash

test:  returns a tuple of filterform from a local request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  designates the site url for a particular site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  return   uses
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a url to clone a installed tool shed .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  list all all all all available rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a sequence .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  nested   function
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system info cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   system

test:  fixture to set the default groups for your test .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  to   strings
truth:  creates   null

test:  use the maximum number to sleep a random number that can generate a random number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  generate   number
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  creates python port for an existing port .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  join the given urls .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  join   a
truth:  joins   a

test:  used to determine if a bit field is a field .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the virtual hard fields .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  a non-recursive to distance from a certain feature .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  call   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the list of nodes in the task .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  find   nova
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall one or multiple messages from a app .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   app

test:  the signal-to-noise from arrays along the specified axis .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list of the path strings that implements the given language path .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  removes   everything

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  to   datetime
truth:  given   null

test:  resize tuples of timelist: and adjust the registry .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  resize   a
truth:  update   vals

test:  maxheap version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  maxheap   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with a dot line .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check the preferred rows for a service .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  null   translate
truth:  update   update

test:  get current numeric timezone from the current system .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check for installation must be used for render() uploaded files .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  check   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute chi-squared polynomials for a dense polynomials .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  determine if the features that would be included in a http request .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  returns   headers
truth:  to   method

test:  create and return an ssh management management management for clean files .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  null   create
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively traverse all files in theanos .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  stream   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrade all packages on switch cli example: .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  check   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  gets a list of registered types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to temporarily disable the directory of dirname .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  make a sequential difference between two different complex difference of a single joins difference .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  perform any requesting requesting after the given path .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the character difference in the given string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  return a list of packages that are mirror packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the full uri uri for the given server .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  if   a
truth:  does   a

test:  create a problem for this problem .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  have   null

test:  factory to load a configuration file from an object .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a convenience wrapper method for generators .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  to   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to get an object from the json dictionary .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  make   function
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  extract all html markup from text .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  function   text
truth:  if   check

test:  validates that pack name is not a valid pack name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  adds a type with the type and returns the type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create a base64 encoded text file .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  write   a
truth:  content   content

test:  send insert into the database .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  add   deete
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get a list of table sql sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat a function to repeat out of a given arguments .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  memoized   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the mailchimp access to the mailchimp endpoint is :const:true from the mailchimp .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  sample   batch
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  calculate the default size of the given parent .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  null   console
truth:  return   return

test:  get the project tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  return   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  installs the given home with the given local home screen and optionally save the local home directory .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  install   install

test:  helper to create an x11 builder method for nid .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  return   a

test:  response returned by the api .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  convert the state this function to a standard state by lowercase_ .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  guess   player

test:  check that distances are supported in the right model .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  test   regression
truth:  check   check

test:  process a message .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  process   process
truth:  if   a

test:  function to convert a field to a json field .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  look   python
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the salt-ssh package .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  publish   commands

test:  given a model class .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   back

test:  create a new setuptools instance .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   distribution

test:  decorator that will not use *ref* .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  helps   null

test:  limit limit by members .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the expected log of the given log is present in the expected log .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  convert a string to a byte string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  find the filesystem from the filename .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  find   uses
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a a generator that preserves existing lines of a text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  define a collection from a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  helper soldiers to import a user .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  decorator that enables authentication not being used .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  make an argumentparser to read the command line argument from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a scalar key and assign it to the private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the maximum distance between the angle of a minimum minimum value .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete users cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  used   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  decorator to the execution of the function execution .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test whether the system has a detected port .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to indicate that the api calls will take a method of the api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  logmgf : transactions .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  returns true if the given fileobj can be opened or created .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  to   normalize
truth:  lock   a

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  make a ellipse mean with the given cov and design this is a normal subsequently storage_class_specifier .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  draw   quaternion
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a single state and read a dataset as a numpy one .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   compare
truth:  execute   null

test:  return a list of conll .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a given string containing a style paragraph .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  helper function to replace extra data structures by their index types .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  code   replace
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  a hook for we can writable .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  null   info
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  takes a list of lists and returns the iterator on the iterator .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   count
truth:  yield   batches

test:  given an input value .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  added   stack

test:  load a file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  copies   loop
truth:  walk   null

test:  if a container specifies an exception .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  this check check the setting of disregard edge in the setting for disregard .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a package index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   course
truth:  updates   course

test:  solve a jupyter color for a given value .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  solve   validation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  scan a module and its tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   parse
truth:  build   build

test:  get the task info in a testtools file .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  return   data
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the mindays for the current request cli example: .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a given type .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add rotation loop to rotation list .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   add
truth:  simplified   add

test:  makes sure the name is a list or a tuple .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  list   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  fetch an user by name .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  gets   try
truth:  return   a

test:  for numbers 1-9 .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns the consolidate sets of all nodes reachable in g .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  yields the prime of a list of prime numbers .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   like
truth:  function   function

test:  change a random string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  tests   compare
truth:  test   test

test:  see :class:updates3errorpage .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns all the metrics zones .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  renderscene - the opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  print raw args to stderr .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  output   output

test:  create a private ip for a linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere model mappers .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   truncate
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return the information on all the active modules that are loaded .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  list   list

test:  basic indexing with indexing .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  clear all cache for the given doctype .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clears   function
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  split the given list into a train and test subsets .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  array   tests
truth:  split   split

test:  check that the in-db directories are always on the on-disk .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  if   add
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filters out apis by name from api .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  copy source to the new mapping_fh: mapping_fh: .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  reads   copy
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a single record in a compass file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  string   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: least add load environment variables to the build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin <hipchat+plugin> .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a specific endpoint from the job name .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes a complex with a generalized rectangle .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  text   i
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the required options is valid .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that genextreme method is coerced to be empty .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given quota usage .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   resource
truth:  destroy   null

test:  compute the trimmed score of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  receive   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get vnc console console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check that sample labels will be used with the given labels .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function yn(z) and derivative of the second kind .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  view function which handles all password keys .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  convert a 2d array to an rgb background array .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  to   rgba

test:  returns a list of all the mx_domain modules .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  null   python

test:  create a table .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  deletes   table
truth:  null   a

test:  create a full layer3 of layer3 or layer3 .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  verbose   commands
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   issue
truth:  inplace   row

test:  function to check if a database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  emulate   return
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  shows a certificate and returns the result as a tuple with the certificate authority .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  render   a
truth:  picks   picks

test:  returns a generator of all possible matches .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  serializes a mod dumps .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the expression of the expression tree with random expressions removed .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of eventrenderers with the current request .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new consumers endpoints .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  resizes the system start and boundary .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  resizes   null

test:  compute nth log moments for each volume .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  apply   divisor
truth:  null   fastica

test:  finds all the django settings in the given settings .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  list   null
truth:  try   try

test:  set up an proj for new manually and eeg the referencing reference to an proj region .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  create   profile
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  remove timeline contents .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  prompts   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  function to return whether *obj* is a fp object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list of data from available itemservicing .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  combines implementation of games into games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  see if there is a list of installed packages on the minion cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  extracts   vlc
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  map an hdfs url to a path .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all the metric owned by the redirections in this account .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  to   query

test:  set the current obey session .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  set   virtual
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence fix 12/26 .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function to remove the field constraints from the table .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  returns the multiprocessing connection .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  module   null
truth:  support   support

test:  an iterator over all example entry .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test the fix fix .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   xml
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for a given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the given tag autocomplete is autocomplete .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  displays the given message .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  format   print
truth:  prints   a

test:  removes data from the binary cache directory and returns the device .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  retrieve a service name .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   display

test:  gets the planes in the given name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns a boolean reflecting the current configuration .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a string containing the python module names in a folder .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   python

test:  returns current targets .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  set the current device to the current device .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  make   sets
truth:  boot   boot

test:  create a dsym file from the given image uuid .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided user .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  null   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test to ensure volume label works as expected .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  reading   assert
truth:  reading   reading

test:  apply a new plugin to the given args .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  returns a list of visible devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  map   processor
truth:  calculates   null

test:  helper function to extract json data from json response .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the text angle in a range .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  uses a unicode string to convert a unicode string .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  to   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  this function will create a join method of the topic topic .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   conversion

test:  check if object is a binary string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  filters all matching items in a graph .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile an ir function by fcgi .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   a

test:  returns the name for the given name .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current pantsrefs page .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  link   link
truth:  null   null

test:  saves a list of sources .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  compute   color
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: same as os . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for views which are logged in user by permission .
truth: update request . 
test:  receives   s3
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of configuration file .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  module   null
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  gets the channelservicestub instance from the api proxy map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  decorator to check if the action is not a policy string .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  do a post request to the given url .
truth: do the post . 
test:  null   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get the preferences intersections .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  if the non-empty option specifies a valid fields are invalid .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a consumer object for a backend to use in tests .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  fountain removes the server .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  send   null
truth:  produces   a

test:  a scenario to make changes to the scenario .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  send   a
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure that a string is a valid string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create a version string for the given version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  if   null
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  return the visible .
truth: returns np . 
test:  return   quote
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run the system command .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  unpacks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  copies a value to a reasonable key .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute whitener covariance matrix for linear regression .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  create a class object given a module .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   module
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid require .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  rewrite a blaze expression to the given expression .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  save a workbook to a file .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy a pci device .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  use this to check for host checks .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  perform   null

test:  check if the object appears to be consistent in a valid salt .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  return   verifies
truth:  locate   null

test:  like getattr but return none if none or false otherwise .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  like   attributes
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a google cloud storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  open   utility
truth:  opens   a

test:  method to decode streams using hexadecimal .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  function   entry
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get face pair of the edge indexes .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenv or the system cli example: .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  normalize the given coordinate layout .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine zero or more dictionaries .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  setting   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  removes the authorized authorized authorized authorized responses for a given response .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  update the translations for all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to a given log log file .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder add .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the variance of the one-dimensional problem .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a file with test values of the given head .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  iterates   normalizes
truth:  parse   data

test:  ensure the modified for a rpc object is invalid when the given observer .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper to run nodes .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  results   helper
truth:  collect   null

test:  fail if a process with the given errors .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  make   a
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns the path to the static file for the static application .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that defines the decorated function belonging to a transaction .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  serializes   function
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  try to determine the virtual environment for the user .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  returns   virtual
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return the path to the operating system .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  return   return
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return a deferred with the given tag .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  look   return
truth:  given   a

test:  calculates a time of the given unix timestamp .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  returns   seconds
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a new dispatcher .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   agent

test:  try to import a given migration in the given database .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  import   a

test:  transforms a vector to the plane matrix .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several opkg packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  gets the token for a particular user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  generate   a

test:  find all the manifest face for the specified face face returns the set of properties .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   list
truth:  find   find

test:  given a list of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  control   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device path .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  construct a sparse matrix from a sparse distribution .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  return   like
truth:  null   matrix

test:  simple example of how to specify emails from pml pml .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  wait for the given message to become active .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  expect   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  a convenience method that method a nonstandard instance and returns the current application .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   one

test:  view function to login when user is logged in password .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  null   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check if the compensation of the given ref is a csr or not .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the pantsrefs link to a document .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a tuple of child branch names .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   branch

test:  returns the list of longest ids contained in the longest seqs .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  return   ids
truth:  chooses   null

test:  return a relative path to a lets path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the current search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  searches   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a vif for an vhost .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  module   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  utility function for creating ports in a list .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  function   function

test:  set the 'salt for the given package name the name of the original string to use for the xhtml .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  find   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  processes translation and returns zen editor .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  return   generation
truth:  loads   unit

test:  defines the xdg config directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   xdg

test:  calculate the cuda platerecord of the given problem as a channels .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a dict with a limit of nodes that are ordered by the given criteria .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test drawing of histogram data .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   reactive
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that tmp .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  if   map
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to check if the request is available .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  document   function
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo remotes platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  track   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  using a datetime object as invalid values .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  calling   str
truth:  using   test

test:  create a control instance from a service .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the filesystem info from the given path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  find   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  tell exit on all command line .
truth: force exit . 
test:  testing   section
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install a lms plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  take a process id and determine if it does not exist .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get or create the default hosts file .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the loops going loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  determine the hg revision for the current database_engine revision .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a wsgi response object .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  returns   translate
truth:  null   application

test:  parse extra data to a form .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  creates   form
truth:  perform   null

test:  ensure a string .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new user options .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  creates   check
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  send datetime to a synchronous api .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  reports   reports

test:  returns a string which defines the hostmask mask on the regex .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is called by evennia the plugin should render a no-op .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  start   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  enter xml blocks in problem .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  pair   text
truth:  edits   null

test:  return a string suitable for use with sdks .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate all files in the given folder .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   search
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the initial version of a database .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   function
truth:  starting   starting

test:  load a all the color by a given theme .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  function   url
truth:  return   return

test:  return the state for a named container name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the full path to a yaml file .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of the urls that are popular in the given image .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that argument values are specified as expected .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  ensure   x
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  compute the entropy of a non-negative integer .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  to   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path to the site-packages directory we can know the options manager .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  tuple   rnn
truth:  get   get

test:  get logger by name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the map for each trace map .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns assets url for given year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  prevent   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decides if the pipes to write the player file .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  accepts   quota
truth:  prepares   a

test:  find the corresponding element of a dense expression .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a insert to the given target using the parent child .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  regex   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a database exists .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  power-on the object input to be published in the object .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  source   trace
truth:  configure   configure

test:  performs the information needed to import a particular pipeline .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  return   parameter
truth:  null   workflow

test:  compile a device template for a device .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   tests
truth:  compile   a

test:  retrieve a role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  find   find
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  evaluates a string .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  text   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the bundle option .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all the volumes owned volumes .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http status code is client .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  syncs the given integer pointer to the ctypes .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  file   reverse
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  null   objattr
truth:  if   check

test:  clean out assets from the local machine .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  built   remove

test:  removes all files needed to remove that come been downloaded .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  workaround   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the assertion registries .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  function   factory
truth:  preload   a

test:  helper method to check whether a short number is valid number .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a name of the package containing the specified version .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  check the module names .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  set the current environment .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  sets   enable
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure the named image is present in the system name of the image to check if it exists .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   a

test:  string convert an object to a string .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fetch an api log file and log in assets .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  fetch   compute
truth:  logs   logs

test:  assign a given parent node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  assign   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper to create sanity data from demo data .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   a

test:  create a rule function to give a condition on a condition objects .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  insert a value into the safe token .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  verify a secret exists .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  given the fs index .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  create   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  helper method to get a request from the superheroes .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a list of order networks .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  given integer .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  extract   s
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  insert the common attribute of all supported values of the a) .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  returns the complex table defined by the package .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  construct   disk
truth:  return   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  loads the image in the specified width .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  null   greyscale
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an image file to a string .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  delete   text
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return info on a list of all the vms on this hyper .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  a 2d implementation of the items in left .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the same type .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  join   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  replaces all packages via the group .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  turn   members
truth:  replaces   members

test:  given the order of a linear diff series .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  apply   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the text representation of the given string .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert s to unicode .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a list of python script available for the current test .
truth: available major . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  construct a function object .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this def only if the def for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return an expression containing the entire sequence of instances .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  rotate   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified name .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   html
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new orphan field instance .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the current thread count for the particular thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  displays   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  checks the time in number of units that are in the most of units .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a package .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  install   python

test:  load a certificate from a path .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  the tool shed shed shed is checked for a particular tool .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  if   null

test:  converts the string "s" to a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  turn   get
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a flat integer array .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  knowledge base index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  index   base
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  set alarm alarm to the alarm state .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  splits the datastore path at the given path .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  the proposed function for data .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  convert a value from a function to a value .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  null   repo
truth:  recurse   null

test:  ordered list of responses to given iterator over the current page .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  gets   update
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  return the duration of the class to use as a workflow to turn its path to the same arguments as head .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  module   up
truth:  using   null

test:  construct a tree whose values are the list of values .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  render   render

test:  tries to determine the date from a date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return an "s" if it is inside a url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  search   replace
truth:  url   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a cache dictionary .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits a task to generate a csv file containing a list of students others .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   request
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test a global server created with global .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  need   socket
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the extent that returns the extent of the given head node .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the coefficient of the coefficient with the travis gradient .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  converts a datetime to the system for use in serializers .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  access   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return completion completion code which emulates the offset .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download a s3 object to a bucket .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   unix

test:  register a log filtering policy into the logger .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  register   registration
truth:  injects   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all vms on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a decorator for methods that applies a function .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  sets the current contents of the local for the local context .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new module for this test .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  check   check

test:  derivative of the normalization of a set .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  bytes   nth
truth:  finds   null

test:  a context manager that automatically adds a new handler to the context .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  code   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copy a file to a folder .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  copy   build
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that ensures that is needed to rather than list is valid .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function for simulating xenapi plugin .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  if   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  returns the type string containing a flattened type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  multiply   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  importing w/ a nested object .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  importing   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  returns a list of absolute config files found in the current platform .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  returns   searches
truth:  get   configuration

test:  this function will return a maximum number for the user that was used in the process used to overload without the environment to overload .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  null   output
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure we can do any of the right line .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns proxy info scheme .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   run
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  given a number of bits .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a discrete random variable name .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the most recent recent snapshot snapshot snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise equality .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   op
truth:  null   null

test:  raises an exception if the supplied signal is a signal that has no exceptions .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fire   a

test:  returns a string of the translation size .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handles the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  if   password
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute the conductance conductance between two node sets .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   map
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode a base64 encoded ify .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  produce   replace
truth:  convert   a

test:  x : ndarray for the activation ratio .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  produce   returns
truth:  project   a

test:  delete the github api .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  is   null

test:  return windows variables prefixed in windows .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  argument_expression_list : assignment_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a cluster mask to a cluster components .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   method
truth:  to   convert

test:  create weight initializer .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the each level of the level lengths as a list of tuples .
truth: given an index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message information .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the discrete log of a sequence of numbers .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the elements of a given model .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that the specified ruby is present with rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single aggregates provider .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   one
truth:  get   a

test:  for some inserts contributors .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorate a default gui instance .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   class

test:  purge old options for parsing options .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  purges   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  logs if a log log or not .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a long expression to a set of possible values .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the rows of x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the number of units that represent the given number .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  create domain names and return domain .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  provides   view
truth:  serve   null

test:  returns a dictionary with information about the folders in the given file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  call f with the list of objects .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper to replace extra patterns with data in blaze expression .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  with the script graph .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the jupyter notebook skeleton for a specific notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  format   variant
truth:  returns   a

test:  a function to decide whether a csrf request should be done in a request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  quotes   marker
truth:  context   processor

test:  set and filter the console console file .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  invoke   a
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the permission model class for a given user .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  given a dict .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a class in order to detect the same name .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  print error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  logs   msg
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for api methods which applies to an event name .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  copies default filter down to the given dst .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   filter
truth:  default   default

test:  calculate the cross loss of two expression .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  define   a

test:  in kinto users event .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  logs   view
truth:  log   events

test:  open a subsystems .
truth: open log files . 
test:  launch   definition
truth:  log   log

test:  return a class given a upper class .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split an array of samples by its size and group .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  split   split
truth:  null   elements

test:  compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a sheet1!a1:b1 range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path to the built-in tarball .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  like major .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  error   input
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  create an image object from the same major as the specified channel .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  find   function
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the nti group of the group that maps to the given group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  performs a service with a normal service account .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  download   view
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait until the mathjax has been submitted to the page with the same name as well as the right .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  control   add
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the feed from the feed functions in place .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   load
truth:  requires   requires

test:  fuzzy a list of all nodes up to the given node .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  label   returns
truth:  assign   a

test:  returns the current server id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  return   up
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  determines a string representing a boolean value .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the loop path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse and return the contents of the current configuration .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parse one or more nagios source tree .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a random circuit space conversion .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  count   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a dataset in a table .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  constructs a dictionary of snapshot from a given template id .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a new pack object to a file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   compute
truth:  pack   pack

test:  returns the version string for the release .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  prints   tomcat
truth:  return   tshark

test:  get all packages that are installed in a package .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   name
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that keeps the specified exception snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  truncate   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed the given similarity into the given maxwidth .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  migrate the primary table to the primary key .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  return the elements of an axis along given axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   elements

test:  return a list of changesets in the track track .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the supplied suffix .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes all or the roles from a group on a project .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  if   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  construct a message from a chunk of sequences .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  make   replaces
truth:  build   up

test:  gather input image verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  find   a
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  put   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured cache object .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to create a test value from a given variable .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  generic message email to provide the event template .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  support   email
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect with datetimes and b .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  wrap a callback to call this function before update_wrapper() .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a human-readable string .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  process   generator
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment record or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  call our given changes without changes on the changes .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   failure
truth:  returns   failure

test:  transforms the output of a given rotation using data .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   create
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  redirects the user for authorization with the current support page .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  null   page
truth:  return   return

test:  save a salt_jid to the given context .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  check   manager
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  returns a challenge .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert mode or .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get a dictionary mapping prefix strings to their ids .
truth: like repr . 
test:  list   list
truth:  like   repr

test:  find a specific channel or raise if it does not exist .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  looks   player
truth:  find   channel

test:  return the sql and the sql statement for the given query .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   message
truth:  provided   apply

test:  ensure that the user has write access to the warning .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  logs   view
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on the local node .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parse the buffer from a buffer or none .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compile a file as a good good good function for a resource .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  run an svn binary .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  export   wrapper
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped options : boolean options options lookup : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type type of
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch a raw image from the given image .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  ensure that value is a document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  python2 the type to tell if it has a particular dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  forms   forms

test:  generates a polygon for given observations .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  return   sparse
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the given backend to use for the given backend .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  force   quota
truth:  set   a

test:  alpha covariance matrix exponential .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   maximum
truth:  find   find

test:  converts a datetime object to a native header .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone context .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write nested methods .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  append   null
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns string representation of given string .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  get   encoding
truth:  null   way

test:  convert an image into a [1 input image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  rotate   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a filename .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the node has a valid storage .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  check   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  given a byte string .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generates the description of a description based on the configuration file .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  create   hook
truth:  start   start

test:  compute the normalized normalized cut between two node sets .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an integer to a positive integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  callback   input
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  build a dictionary consisting for markdown .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  takes   like
truth:  builds   null

test:  check if a variable contains a needle depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically file with a random name .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  count   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a number of bits from a 7777 value by rfc 2822 .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  document   syntax
truth:  combines   null

test:  helper function to iterate over json data .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  add   a

test:  generates a file from the given path and lock .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  null   secret

test:  extract external external downloader from external path .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  simple function to check if a value is valid .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  module   null
truth:  check   check

test:  generate a single gaussian image for each gaussian image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  pair   null
truth:  yield   images

test:  returns a quoted version of the value which can be used as one token in a shell command line .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  empty   return

test:  create a dictionary of fieldname fsm to each cluster fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the url to the br service for the given node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  returns   pair
truth:  constructs   null

test:  bp -> int(math .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  returns the url to a course using the given image .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  process   a
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that uses {% csrf_token %} .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  control   changes
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  checks if expired is expired and deleted if selected .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   function
truth:  if   check

test:  get a complex polygon .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a contrib class for methods with the given method .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the socket and can be listed .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a powershell module from the given package name the name of the rcctl(8) to be removed if successful .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  function   a
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: heavy-job this plugin allows you to connect to the build step .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a date back to a unix timestamp .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  null   seconds
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a model and a new stored ticket .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  look   find
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  transform data to a module .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  try to open a path .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  imports   python
truth:  function   function

test:  finds the absolute path for the given repo .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   get

test:  clears the source files .
truth: cache management . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the path to the filename .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge 2 attributes .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns a dict of used to load images from the given config .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function generates the form of a set of yielding .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check gcrs<->altaz shape from being passed to _winreg .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  test   accepts
truth:  url   url

test:  wrapper to supplement or tag matches the tag matches .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  format   return
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a ctypes function for the given argument .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  generates   decorator
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  return a dict of the files with a specific metadata file .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  look   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  helper to get an base path for the app .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  find   terms
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  ask the plotly plotly to see if the plotly has been changed .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   add
truth:  shows   shows

test:  create a new correct test with the given known object .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  stretch   image
truth:  create   a

test:  add conserved to input labels .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  add   add
truth:  function   function

test:  test reading and writing of a file .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  setting   reading
truth:  io   io

test:  tests that the existing tp is a valid parent directory .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   create
truth:  stores   stores

test:  callback to set up the loglevel of a test time .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  function   function

test:  interpret the string as a string .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  load   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  given a list of return_conn_pre and a dictionary .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  look   add
truth:  null   a

test:  return events to mask after the white mask .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning role to @hosts events .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  test   reload
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  reverse   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute crc-32c checksum between a and a single array .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns the integer part of a sorted list .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  to   output
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are autosummary by the given docstring docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is a positive integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  recursively get a query with the given user and value .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set all packages on the default natural natural home cache cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  configure   one
truth:  return   a

test:  regression test for an issue raised if the header implementation is raised .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  start   null
truth:  header   header

test:  calculate a hash digest string for the entire contents of a data .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  string   string
truth:  convert   strings

test:  add a pathname into the size of a pathname .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  test   null
truth:  files   files

test:  setup the sony authentication .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  config   add
truth:  let   null

test:  generator to generate a random usernames .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  yield   null

test:  convert a sympy expression to a sympy expression .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a dictionary with keys of values being the value of an optparse pairs .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  outset the preface gcode text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove repeating from task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  url   a
truth:  given   task

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  make   null
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this include test .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start the notification server for use in tests .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   use
truth:  notify   notify

test:  test whether a path is an executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  checks   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  get the named properties on the given environment cli example: .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  return   get
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check if an absolute function func given a policy name of the function .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  convert a path or a directory into a directory .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  fetch all templates available for current user and returns the list of templates .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this method returns the site site that the current request should be used .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  request   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dependence is a dictionary with all items of a and b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  update   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split object and tags list into two list with tags .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   object
truth:  object   object

test:  get or shared axes feature_profile .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy one or more or all tcltk directories to a symlink .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   image
truth:  copy   copy

test:  rest controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  helper function to check if a machine exists in the value of a certain log record .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  test   null
truth:  checks   in

test:  change hosts from host to match host .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  turn   frequency
truth:  password   password

test:  uses xml element to a text .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  strip   text
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a list of test classes from the given test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  configure all objects of the objects of all objects of its objects .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a flat list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  creates a generator that returns the first item from the higher sequence .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of document2 objects .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  ask   use
truth:  print   print

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   a

test:  this test function tests a file to make sure that the modes attribute will be pip from the error module .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  verifies   file
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the named host is deleted .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the date from a datetime or date .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  call   call

test:  explicitly initialized eq .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finished   connection

test:  returns current language language .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  to   name
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network with the given bridge .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can automatic translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  evaluate the score of a single test .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  score   comments
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a plaintext to a string .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  command   string
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset length in a non-existant .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this task .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an encoder .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  converts   up
truth:  lookup   up

test:  returns the number of antidivisors n in an integer n .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  count   count
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current site site .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  return   current

test:  returns a decorator that ensures that the decorated function is used with a given path .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : literal | left .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   definition

test:  output the value of option info in the given option .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  logs   configure
truth:  output   parameter

test:  check to see if the given delete method points to a unicode method .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  given   create
truth:  assert   a

test:  test get_file_list .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  make   html
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the n-th degree of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a guess flow from the given name .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  create   dumps
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks if the generated id is a queue .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  is   null

test:  warn if the config has not absent .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os tk tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a prepared entity entity entity .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place an order by specified order amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  assign   place
truth:  place   place

test:  extends the shape of a list .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  take   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   pyopengl
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  returns the profile model object for the given app .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random adjacency adjacency matrix .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  place   place

test:  create a database name database name of the user to connect as password the host to connect to connect to .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove specific entities that are referenced by the given header name .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  add a composition of two distributions to a given tag .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  null   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns the name of bench in bench for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  get   get

test:  run a given violations on the node and optionally limit .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  release an equalizer value from a particular equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   maximum
truth:  center   center

test:  polynomial kernel between x and y:: k .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete specific server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  shut   null

test:  fix the given java java java files to use for twisted .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  given an object .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  show   return
truth:  read   a

test:  returns default contact for gantt contact .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  return   timeline
truth:  default   default

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  render unique link for actions .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  append   temperature
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of users with a group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   group
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get specific server value from the given configuration .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of all available cloud record intended .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  ensure that the given object is an abstract exception .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  null   no
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create a new fastq fastq entry .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  header   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  generate a random string with seed seed .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  generate   conversion
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the contributions contributions for the given url .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  ellipsoidal harmonic to the integer array .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  p   integer
truth:  null   permutation

test:  returns a specific job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a factory to skip test for nonwhitespace .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fix up the test database with a view .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  echoes   list
truth:  has   django

test:  returns the scalars of a number or its own value .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   range

test:  read the file data from a file .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  convert a factor" animation file to the animation animation .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the trimmed cartesian transform .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset flavor extra extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   a
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the specified member is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the number of non-zero elements of an array a in array a that satisfies the input array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  compute   indices
truth:  return   a

test:  split a tuple of points in the given points .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  take   check
truth:  split   a

test:  fit the single entropy of a set of 2d array .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  instructs   fit
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstalls python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  converts arg to an sql .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  arg   x
truth:  pack   variables

test:  running the "harvest" will run through a specific 'leaves' .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  running   models
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns data for given module .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  returns   standard
truth:  module   module

test:  compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes and local nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  returns   node
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  show the current minions module .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  draw   show
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the list of css dependencies for the given group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  an iterator over the message makes the same iterator .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if cmd has a definition of pkg-config .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an interface to an interface with a given option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  to   filters
truth:  log   log

test:  checks if a link has a bad link .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes a single exploration summary of the given rights .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  parse a column of the integer and a column number .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read chunks .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  checks if a plaintext password matches the given password .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a set-like layer to a configuration file .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  parses the given token token .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  parses   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  pass in a list of files that will be handled into the chunks files .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  -   a
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave tty .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should accept the sale if it exists .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  exit   exit

test:  trained types controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the creation sequence corresponding to a given creation sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot the plot of the current axes .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a dict with contents of a log file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  dumps   log
truth:  write   a

test:  add users to user .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function to return the full path to static file using static .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  check   path
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the url of the given rss .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   http
truth:  return   return

test:  uses a tornado request to urlfetch .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  given an ngram sentence .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters for the given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  authentication view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  filtered   view
truth:  view   view

test:  wrap protected with the given url .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  get sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  verify that item and easy_install are the same .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  get the running running running running running running running running running profile cli example: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  return   trace
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a user .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  download   a
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge two dicts in dsk2 from a specified in a dict .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   remove
truth:  merge   merge

test:  returns the module or none if no module falls .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  replaces operators with its m .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  reconstruct   returns
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  override the well system .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  connected   undo
truth:  override   override

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provision flocker on a user .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  start   configure
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  calculate the path to the package containing binary 3) .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the network extents extents extents .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  perform   reverse
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an integer to a datetime object .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for generating opcodes .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  rabbitmq all api calls .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  solve temporal connectivity .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compares   search
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  compute an expression of a polynomial over a test .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper to wrap a parent around a primitive object that compiles the parent of the parent queue .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   interface

test:  verifies that the certificate provided valid certificate is valid and can be invalid .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  add commands from git directories .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  files   files

test:  creates a query object from the entity_pb .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  draw a sum for a vector .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draw   reboot
truth:  draws   null

test:  returns the correct time list for a csf .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  step 2: the given package and replace ones with the same add_eeg_ref .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  test that the both the both url works as expected .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  null   url
truth:  null   credentials

test:  list options that will push a list of event to event loop and their options .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  returns   cache
truth:  get   get

test:  check that the ip address is one or more ip address .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json data from file and return as list .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   json
truth:  read   json

test:  test to ensure that all the drivers header can be ignored as expected to a utility function .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  to   verifies
truth:  to   test

test:  retrieve the volume tag from a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  retrieve single site as a database .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  null   return
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument to a configmanager .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  center center for a set of equations .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  compute   binary
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  check that methods do not use default .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  -   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given an html fragment .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe date : loan_type year .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  conditionally conditionally sets the current user as defined in the current environment .
truth: return env . 
test:  inspect   return
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the file exists in the local file .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  make a situation plot .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  traverse   source
truth:  sort   a

test:  caches the display name for a user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  authentication view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  handle   redirects
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the default component of the component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the encoding is available .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  to ensure the positions to be listed in the repos .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  copies   table
truth:  help   eeg

test:  given a function and width .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound inbound messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  deletes a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only the named service is available in boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  fit coil chpi parameters .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   implementation
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  test if user is met .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  determine if multiple rules are sorted correctly .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   strategy

test:  show the whether you get the server includes the actual display .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  kills   tarball
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke a user from a group .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   cluster
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project version detail view shows a list of available aws .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   a
truth:  project   version

test:  extract a :class:createrepo message in a structured document .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   a

test:  open a home file as a got database .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  load   function
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  returns a new funfact funfact .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a normalized expression .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  if   date
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the domain of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   arctangent
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates a new image stored in the test file .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  clean up resoruces in the [hdfs] directory .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  null   null

test:  tristar pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  create a translations plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  serves   list
truth:  adds   a

test:  makes a new method call to a class .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  create a given windows with the given newline and newline .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  if   color
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap integer literals with integer .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  is   headers
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure that uuid function works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  ensure   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the list of available 1000 specified in this function .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  list   check
truth:  get   get

test:  a function to main revision from the revision shed .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  generate   data
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert an absolute uri to a path portion of the resource .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if arch is installed and packages .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compare two slices that are equal .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test arithmetic arithmetic creation from arithmetic creation .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   vispy
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  run   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the status of the webapp context path url : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  show a list of breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get key-value data for a particular group .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  returns   instances
truth:  to   try

test:  cleans up the query inform inform inform rows .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  stream   null
truth:  to   job

test:  view to setup a comment form for a dotted path .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  display   interface
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate the vertices of a circular model .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  null   places

test:  generate all the common files in a given directory .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  function   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  applies some filters to the filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  retrieves   filters
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   slab
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   log
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a list of topic ids corresponding to the given topic .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that ensures that the decorated function is created on the test cases in the target target .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a boolean value .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all nothing from the given keywords as a message .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  takes an object and returns the string .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  takes   whitespace
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request to have students students for a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  to   request
truth:  to   request

test:  basic operator for a complex operator .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determines whether an object should be logged in a given object .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package using pip install folder1/folder2 .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   check
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compares two package versions of pkg .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test report with datasets .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  we converts a dict of tuples into a dictionary .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  create a password on a user .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the provided vm from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of name -> key .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns the country code given a country mobile token .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  should have a mapping of mapping .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   classes

test:  extract the elements from a log file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of the string .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  downloads   downloads
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  remove a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a random random graph in the order given by a depth-first colors .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a string .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  if   val
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline data for attendance calendar view .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time zone validation .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  tests   conversion
truth:  test   test

test:  shut a running system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  detect whether jail is enabled on windows .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  is   window

test:  make sure the module returns true if the module does not found .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  yield the full path to each directory of the containing python source files .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  yield   path

test:  get details about all elasticache vpc registered connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert source file source to tuple .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  test the effect of text values in text .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   test
truth:  colorized   test

test:  serialize python data to a python string representation .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   python

test:  return the binary representation of text .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should work on one of the possible or more received .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  create or aggregate the tabular model .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  check   a
truth:  make   a

test:  list all all all registered folders under the folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the input is related to birthdays .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  calculates the gradient for the linear linear problem .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  return   percentage
truth:  makes   linear

test:  get data view from global epochs instance .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  return   data
truth:  get   data

test:  helper function to find a list of metadata for a given metadata .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a long function into a julian transform .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  convert   a

test:  create bag from many dask .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  null   bag

test:  a generator used to time window .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  format   a
truth:  time   time

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is not activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  returns the model with the given configuration changes on the configuration .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string path .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  computes the rank of the i-th matrix for the given rank of its independent sum with its generalized dimensions .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a directory of paths based on folders of each shell .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  need   need

test:  ensures that have not been present in dictionaries with the *note* .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  returns a list of all available theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience function to get a recvfd object .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  js   null
truth:  receive   a

test:  a user can take care or the datastore for a datetime .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  null   dummy
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by the project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a wheel async: the telnet module usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  clone a repo .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  null   clone
truth:  clone   a

test:  run the svn non-existent of a file .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   attempt
truth:  svn   svn

test:  decorate a test if a given extension is not enabled .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return platforms for explicit on this platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given url resolves against a explicit scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the binary path .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert an excel timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call signature:: scores on a list of n random scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  fixture   cup
truth:  issue   issue

test:  factory function that will read and get the request rate at a given cluster .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   factory

test:  input stream .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  access   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   set
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the old browser path to the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  encode   fix
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate legacy fields that has the same statement as filtered by the models .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  migrate   uses
truth:  check   guid

test:  require the etreefx parameter .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper method to get the view defined in reverse order .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  to   url
truth:  null   version

test:  check if a path is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   wether

test:  test to ensure its possible to a report on a report .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  if were executed .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  help function to check if a repository is malicious in the repository revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  temporarily change the previous patch request .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns the item from the given qty .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  get   null
truth:  split   split

test:  checks if we are running on a host .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  require a deb package to be uninstalled .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  package   package

test:  unset a class from the given compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  landing   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a simple example of the garbled .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  null   program
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  configure the torque job to output a file .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  null   up
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  query   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the discrete shanks of a sequence for the courseteamindexer matrix .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to the clade site proportions into the clade model .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  module   models
truth:  null   models

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  null   mode

test:  a decorator for :func:joinedload() .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  hook   hook

test:  returns an ssh key for the given host .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a scene dirname of a scene dirname and converts it in powershell format to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  converts all the given node to a given node or reverted .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  returns a list of dictionaries representing the current clusters tips .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  performs   null

test:  translates error syntax in python 3 .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  log   translate
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  legacy a mount to a mounted file .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  js   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this function does the sleep to be called when the process represents a ago .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  validates a model instance as a valid model .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  model   model

test:  use this function to iterate over a confirmation action .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   wrapper
truth:  use   use

test:  iterate over iterator .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  check to see if the client is consul from the provider .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  query   consul

test:  multivariate a sample from a function that can be used to generate the sphere function .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the argument type of the known argument .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the zarp can stderr on powershell .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to convert an expression into a example: example: .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  a sequence of the word in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  return   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  imports should usually be on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  print the summary index .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   null
truth:  print   print

test:  given a composite transform .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  create   a

test:  build a copy of one config .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  run   show
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints helpful usage information about this package .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get vault belonging to the organization .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  checks the keys in the database .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  load a new user data set to 1 to 2 .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  module   validate
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  compute arma for random effects parameters ar : array_like .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   error
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  name of the pid of the pid command line .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   n
truth:  name   name

test:  retrieve the current repository from the specified repo .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  samples   dns
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a user exists in the database .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all the elements that are less than or not .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  converts the first mchoicefield instance into a list of mchoicefield .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  use   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  start a vm .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a shell command on a remote host .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  helper function to do the api .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  function   exception
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  updates the agreement for the given user .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  updates   last_created_an_exploration
truth:  records   records

test:  parse the comments from a given location .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  read   package
truth:  find   find

test:  sigmoid sigmoid kernel .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a function type for use in the given cffi function .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  process the process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a user using a user .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  test   user

test:  returns the description of a feed of lines .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  drop all database tables .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  builds   database
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a kb on the given object .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  check to see if a launch configuration exists .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  to   tag
truth:  check   check

test:  lowess the _tricube function to the lowess function .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the logs used for about about the snippets space .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a list of crc-32c checksum with a single file .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  take   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  recursively collects a set of parameteradd sizes .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer number .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a 2d array to a 2d shape .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transforms the data from a relative_to step .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decodes   function
truth:  decode   a

test:  given a querystring encode and boundary fields .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  given a list of upageviews revisions revisions .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  works   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version with version header .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --user format in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   traceback
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   playlists
truth:  save   history

test:  returns the user instance to use for the current request .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  returns   request
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to send the old log calls to given debug level .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  code   null
truth:  change   change

test:  restart the specified service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  is   null

test:  restrict input type to positive integer .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  value   string
truth:  input   input

test:  send a prompt to the most likely .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  to   back
truth:  make   null

test:  a factory for when a configuration warning has all assets warning .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  set   disk
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register a new custom alias with the runner for the specified alias .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  takes a domain and returns the domain part of domain names .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  to   a
truth:  registers   new

test:  insert a setting that has the appropriate setting .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer stored in the number stored in the number of messages stored on the number cookie .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the available connected sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should extract tabular step name into tabular step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a browser window for a particular root of type valueerrors .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform fo sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   ldap
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  determine if the source ends in fixed .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  if   find
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical polynomial of the first kind of n .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  if   serialize
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  returns the http auth url of the given url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  sends   returns
truth:  try   try

test:  read the low-level bytes of a file-like object .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  validates arguments are called via python arguments .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  if   categorical

test:  loads the current session file and returns the parsed session .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a byte string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  serializes   convert
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  return a series of images where the image should be a given image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  return   get
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the minimum line that works inside the given line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   element
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username of a username cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   a

test:  create a metadef association protected with the provided namespace type and save it to the update resource type .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  step that always fails .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  test   encodes
truth:  step   step

test:  creates a new network service cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test reading the tab should make sure the reader reader is compiler .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  to   control
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a function or a clip that will run a given clip on the given clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  applies   use
truth:  if   null

test:  check that the function causes the same number of different score function .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   output
truth:  test   test

test:  return the untracked function for the git files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove specific interface from a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  flatten the given input and flatten nested urls .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  wrap   response

test:  checking cart for the given user and have cart cart for all expired tuples .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  build test runner for test test runner .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  runs   tests
truth:  is   null

test:  check if a string is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display the list of all steps a template .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  link   a
truth:  null   locale

test:  signals all signals that are signals in the bzr model .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   command
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  return a list of names from my .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  find   function
truth:  read   a

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  returns the default stim type for the default stim .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  null   method
truth:  default   stim

test:  returns the securedrop cache dictionary .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  destroy   inject
truth:  clear   null

test:  add a text from the url to a db .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  simulates an ast representation of the ast object .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  make   null
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep mac mac .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  sleep   a
truth:  put   put

test:  check that the collection is a sorted list .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set a indices for a weight .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  create   estimate
truth:  creates   a

test:  update the users travis configuration changes .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  check to make sure the most likely connection is set .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   test

test:  given a list of bytes from a file .
truth: from url . 
test:  count   compute
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  finds the first item from a to the left of a and returns the array .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  generalized   implementation
truth:  sort   sort

test:  registers a service service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   class
truth:  register   register

test:  a warning should not occur when passed a warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  return the eigenvector centrality for each node .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve a timezone as a string .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  returns   configure
truth:  time   time

test:  x with the same model and images .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  -   -

test:  remove senderkey from senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   config
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete a key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package id for a package .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  if   test
truth:  return   return

test:  test delete user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  purging   method
truth:  default   default

test:  chown a user id and returns its path .
truth: same as os . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls one or more packages if not already deactivated .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  list   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  convenience function to add the pid to the process process tree .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  load the backend backend for the provided backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  returns   authentication
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure we can tokenize without line numbers .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that its possible to easily read the request .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  test   exception
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create an autoscaler on the autoscaler server .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if user can download group .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  download   check
truth:  if   tests

test:  simple generic_role_names for pycuda .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  transforms a process to a string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  string   a
truth:  process   a

test:  which which are common but looks like the function .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  map the given mapper to the list of inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  map   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  run a docker image on the minion verbose verbose : false cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  current transaction info cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   encode
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the complex with the maximum and the other .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  run failure starting with depth .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  start   handles
truth:  control   control

test:  return the screen .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  string   a
truth:  format   a

test:  returns the distance between a set of pairs .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a rule .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip a test if docker is true .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply a newly profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  does a and b exactly .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  return   iterator
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the users exists based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string that can be used to valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if path is a file or if it does not exist .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get the amount of seconds currently being used .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initializes bookmark completion by pyramid model .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add group type to the group type for the given group .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  access   group
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the global home directory if it exists .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the tls url from a tls url .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the maximum of the minimum along given axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses the text directive from text .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  generates the activation function of the order-k diagram defined by even defined by the given position .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  to   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find a function by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a file that may exist .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  ppid: group report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  reports   view
truth:  to   view

test:  set a specific events in the minion name the alias to add a list of modules to be identified .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  exclude the selected events and exclude the selected events .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   null
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create pool on current user .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given two implemented .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network inventory from the device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   network
truth:  print   print

test:  a subroutine to recursively get an blockdeviceapi running config file .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  endpoint   encode
truth:  validate   validate

test:  given the :obj:ordereddict name of a generic object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  check   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  turn a caffe .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   converts
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate a string into a dictionary .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get notifications for all doctypes in the given doctype .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   notifications

test:  make sure the new-style attribute should be ignored .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  null   image
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  api endpoint; returns the next available chargeback .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  select   null
truth:  verify   signature

test:  converts a python field path to a dotted field path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  used   null

test:  responds to the user headers .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  ask   null

test:  compute the frame function which returns the hyperexpand value for hyperexpand and nan .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  find   replace
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the current draft status .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read the image header from file and return as a dictionary .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  reads   code
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the least groupings within a list of suppress .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set consisting of ou files in the path .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  check   changes
truth:  clean   up

test:  given a courses date and a courses date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  returns   network
truth:  set   set

test:  run a test instance and return a user .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  set   check
truth:  function   function

test:  returns about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  null   versions
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a non-naive datetime object to a unix timestamp .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  use the rest endpoint for the given identity context .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  get   one
truth:  to   value

test:  tries to determine if the current process or not .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the first descendants of the model .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager for the current working directory of a given virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  run the test clients .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  recursively readmodule a module .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  given a list of course instances .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  checks if the file is in directory .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return a function with no arguments being a function .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  return   functions
truth:  function   function

test:  make a tree tree .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure the specified target is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  create a new composite of file with specified name and sqlite attribute and return it .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator for methods that exhausts the decorated function as the container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  assures   null

test:  return a schema class .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  return   one
truth:  parses   parses

test:  dump info about the message .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  print   null
truth:  dump   info

test:  test reading operators .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  thread   tests
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update sailthru when email is enabled .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  update   list
truth:  enable   enable

test:  requires the path to the output package .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  implement   null

test:  update the cloudpipe .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  creates   details
truth:  update   update

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculate the pearson size of the given image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool shed repository on a foreignkey on a defined heap .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image should be shrunk so that the longest side is 32px .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  split a package name into a cache line .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  verify   name
truth:  null   null

test:  setup discovered wemo binary sensor .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   register
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract the list of vagrant tags from a dictionary .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  extract   call
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to write metadata to file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  function   function

test:  auth info with data .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  get   user
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is not loaded the tipc module is loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  recursively chained a function to chained in python 2 .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  whitespace   decorator
truth:  chained   a

test:  drop a list of all known files .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  set preprint for the user .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  gets   user
truth:  populate   populate

test:  ensure consistency of a profile is created with the following args .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  poll   null
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  represent   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  convert a single file or a native filesystem back into a single filesystem parameter .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* points from the input individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   lookup
truth:  select   null

test:  load a single document from a json file .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  get   x
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the given message .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  write   checks
truth:  writes   null

test:  skips a test if skipping is true .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  cleanup flowgrams in the newly modified file .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  shift   start
truth:  clean   a

test:  return a function call .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the real work in the given query .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  if   url
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  stub function to get a users html file .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  print   a

test:  returns the logarithm of x in y .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  null   function
truth:  convolve   x

test:  checks if the input data is a multilabel or a function of two numbers .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove a file .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  recursive   null

test:  try to load vispy modules from certificate .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  initializes   list
truth:  import   import

test:  a part of the part of the probably function which indicate that we represent the boolean value of the right part of a part of the part of the boolean
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test that a wheel can be subclassed when the user has a wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warn   pip
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back the transaction manager .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  function   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  function to calculate the absolute coefficient of the angle of the gamma function .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  null   precision
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the targets gt .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   ground

test:  kill a process and kill .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  computes the absolute value of the pixel-by-pixel pixel-by-pixel this is a wrapper around the channel shims .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and page links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   check
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a and b to the same squared or a .
truth: compute np . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  get endpoint loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check that sparse csr gives the sparse list as sparse .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  view to get the first tool output and display the user .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate all setup in nested roots .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  null   user
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return the list of completions for an object .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   info

test:  return user copy of a desktop icon .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a custom tags for the given tags .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  make   list
truth:  take   a

test:  parses the html string and return a tuple with params .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return the index of the elements that are non-zero .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  get page context .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the system encoding class corresponding to the current locale .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  look   null
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete bookmark identifiers by name .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  log   usage
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the comparative of a predicative adjective by the given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the string value of a node .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get the current secret of the database .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   appscale

test:  parses 10 from a start node .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  normalize a chunk of data type .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  salts   flag
truth:  profile   profile

test:  creates a track function that implements the specified track event .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   a

test:  convert a user uid .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a directory on the virtualbox server .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  takes a list of tokens and build a list of artist objects .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  reports   a
truth:  return   a

test:  indentation manager .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  clean   parse
truth:  dedent   null

test:  view to worker(s) and sends a user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  waits for the redis worker to reach a worker .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  wait   function
truth:  raise   null

test:  compare two surfaces .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  to   helper

test:  write a human-readable tree to a file .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  generate one generator with sorted commands .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  sorted   null

test:  calculate the white white white on a specific angle .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  helper method to generate a hash hash for a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote a shell command line .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  get authentication token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks the kwargs kwargs are in the instruction .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator to log a message to a lock .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  registers   check
truth:  is   null

test:  iterate over corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  format   null
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register data register d1 .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  helper function for decoding objects that checks the original attributes for valid attributes .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate a function by preserving the function fun .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  determine a unique database options for a specific options .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  gets   data
truth:  null   type

test:  sign a file with a given destination .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  code   returns
truth:  sign   a

test:  get a specific engine connection if it exists .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the httplib object for the given object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   up
truth:  return   a

test:  search for releases and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a function using matplotlib/tk .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  create a adam consensus instance .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  search   search

test:  finds all packages found in the root directory .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  finds   one
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  pop the changes from the local for the current context .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  pops   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a fiff file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  add a timezone in a given file into a time string .
truth: factory function . 
test:  add   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a boolean stating whether the short name exists .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  retrieves   info
truth:  null   api

test:  simply returns the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get all tags .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   string
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple wrapper that fails with a exit code .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return whether args should be passed to subprocess .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  if   method
truth:  if   null

test:  a convenience method to get the csrf token .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  request   view
truth:  context   processor

test:  determine the default service name the current environment .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  to   calling
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read and return chunks from an sock string .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the config options for the installed app .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  returns   apps
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_specifier : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get subscription information about a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  returns   performance
truth:  get   subscription

test:  returns ipv6 addresses for the genericipaddressfield table .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  run   filters
truth:  rules   rules

test:  helper method to get a usable buffer from a given buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  null   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  convenience function to add users to the group .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  add   group
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate a short digest of a string .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new default to all the default certs .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a new hash instance .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns the test suite of a function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant string .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  check a table with no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   data
truth:  escape   a

test:  helper for integer to convert a single integer into a list of integer numbers .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  calculates whether all values in seq are distinct in *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   seq
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   os

test:  used to echo strings to echo checked for testing .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  test   test

test:  create a security group with the given name .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  default   a
truth:  default   default

test:  checks if the mysql exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a new product of the given users preference .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot one or more search components .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  avoid   a
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the function is qualified on *cls* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a volume object in the host .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  loads a module instances from a setting .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system with no timeout or warning .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   power

test:  helper function for cancellation: .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  provides   path
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns true if all topics exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  find the greedy policy .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic a string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict of all the images that are on the provider .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  finds   image
truth:  return   return

test:  iterate over a simple alternative .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a version string .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  return   dns
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop enquiry section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  returns the type of obj as a string .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check for the specified nftables in the specified table cli example: .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return whether the request has a particular request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated from the evaluated dictionary .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns the value that separates any items in iterable .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   a

test:  activate button button for the indicator indicator .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  null   check
truth:  hide   hide

test:  recursively copy an object to a python object .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  return a c{newpath} version of the string *s* .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  s   null
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  produce a configured tree for the given tree .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the bipartite clustering of the graph g .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   a

test:  unsolve a plotly .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  question   queue
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the given test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a list of available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  template   template

test:  convert method to output format .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  serves   sparse
truth:  export   method

test:  helper for quickly disabling an arbitrary dataframe .
truth: process part . 
test:  set   settings
truth:  process   part

test:  converts a python code name into a valid filename .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  renders   truncate
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  tries to split the best list of median and balance .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update the versions of a resource .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given database is present name the name of the database to be destroyed name of the database to create **client name of the database to run on the
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  make sure the tests when a package is raised .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the class corresponding to module for the given name .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  import   a

test:  test that an empty iterator behaves the path .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   github
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the string output .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  output   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate a value written in an environment variable .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  add   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  convert the input path to a valid path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read flat parameters from a file and return a flat list of pynames .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   one
truth:  read   read

test:  create a test if flaky is not none .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the id of the user jail .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  to   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with starts with col data .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  test   table
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a random seed with specified seed .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns unique host from an iterable of unique values .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  display a given template with any extra url parameters in the dictionary to the template .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test the variable with a variable number of logs .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the discussion tab tab in the course for the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert string containing value of regular expression into a python string .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  extract   slug

test:  returns page size in request .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  determines   returns
truth:  get   page

test:  prints all the results of the given header .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  negotiate websocket .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize the main application .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  evaluate the significance of a complex model .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  function used for searching vendor .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  function   return
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  decorator which translates a implements implements the user and exit if they are present .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  quit   null

test:  update an api request .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  determine the ico map from a list of media_ranges .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  view function that handles the password form for a password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  resets   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  singleton chocolatey to write the configuration file to a configuration file .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  config   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  download and build sumaclust then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  null   download
truth:  download   download

test:  returns the lpol for the frame at n using a given distribution .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to generate a given password .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  org all the elementnode in the unary features .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  prints   list
truth:  shows   a

test:  ensure that at least one element in the given template path .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  null   null

test:  function to get the thread pool of a thread .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object looks like a terminal item .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check that vlog() is only used for defining a logging level .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test copy of data to a file .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  reading   checking
truth:  test   test

test:  find and return a filename for a given filename .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  find   search
truth:  given   grep

test:  construct a dictionary from an -iphoneos configuration .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  fetch   functions
truth:  config   config

test:  helper function to create a regex from amazon amazon amazon amazon code .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  string   string
truth:  converts   converts

test:  view to search for media type .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   null
truth:  search   search

test:  checks that the user is in the destination function .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  drops   drops

test:  create a terminalwriter client object from a given project .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  fixture   function
truth:  patches   patches

test:  unmount a running system cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  tear down the named container path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  examines   return
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the given python version of the current buffer .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  set the log level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  output   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a mode for the given course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   a

test:  ensure that we can take a simple worker is there .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  builds   group
truth:  model   a

test:  return true if the query based on the agent of the version .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   css

test:  check that the query flag is an editable one that should not exist .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  stop   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value from string to binary string .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  value   value
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns a new differential equation for the assignments of the angle of the steady power of the upper function .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  general function to associate a user with the db api .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  object   null
truth:  return   user

test:  converts a string argument to a python function .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  decode   decorator
truth:  if   python

test:  returns a filter version of the ssh .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp part of the snmp value from a snmp snmp edit .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  extracts   print
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   reverse
truth:  disable   router

test:  fetch input from the current api key and return a dict of api query string .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  list   get
truth:  show   current

test:  returns true if the given script can be executed in a cache directory .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  marks the current context as new functions as the current object .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the current cached content for the cached location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded string .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  boolean   return
truth:  return   return

test:  counts the number of numbers that are in a compilable .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  accepts   count
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize an array by its derivatives .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute samples for an array .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  allocate   null

test:  return the shape of a variable or a tuple of integers .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a list of all sequences of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  build an enum descriptor for the specified enum hash .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks that the given type is a dict .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  verifies   master
truth:  checks   checks

test:  marks a function as a view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of resource names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that unknown completion raises an unknown shell .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  null   null
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to ensure the specified aggregate is created .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts the given string into a ascii string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  turn   string
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function is used to compute the list of features of the non-maximum files that will have the same as the middle of the middle .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the indexes of the given expression .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps text to a single paragraph .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate to a specified keychain the keychain to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  used to create a new command .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  display   command
truth:  command   command

test:  module function to decrypt a given hash .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  install   function
truth:  based   null

test:  renames a fake registration instance .
truth: register the device . 
test:  preloading   a
truth:  register   register

test:  compute a file in a set of features .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the user can access the given course for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path length in the shortest path from source to target .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sympy time of sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start the tcp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers from a particular containers .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  remove   containers

test:  get the name of the resource modified time .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  package   package
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a decorator that converts a decorator into an instance of the colour class .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  find the all the text for the given node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge multiple keys from *seqs .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   configuration
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the xblocks id for the xblocks id .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensures that the auth has exempt exempt with the given action .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  hack   hack

test:  create or update one or many roles cli example: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  function   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  import and return a module by name .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  to   import
truth:  to   attempt

test:  load data from user .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply a polynomial by a constant in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   terms
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should extract regular step tabular step correctly into an array of tabular step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decompress input string for the version matrices with the column .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  query   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get the arp arp ether .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  redirect   host
truth:  null   a

test:  is a filesystem at the ports documentation for update files .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to boot cli example: .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   quota
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether remote events is on or off :return: true if supported :return: a string of remote events on the system :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  compute the error function of a inputs .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  null   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress enquiry section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   request
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to strip a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  if   attempt
truth:  optimized   null

test:  given the argument .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type 6 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  helper to run starts with a git server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  reconstruct   server
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms number with the given sms number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  format   djangos
truth:  sends   null

test:  create a exponential function string for use with the right api .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  return   op
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 filter .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  method to build notes stream and yield note that notes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  accessing   dipole
truth:  running   running

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if a decorated function is false .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a json story story to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  add the version number to the aws revision and release number .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  get   table
truth:  update   version

test:  provide a hardwareid account based on the current analytics analytics .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  logs   accept
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering assignment section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  null   truncate
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the current year .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  function   add
truth:  score   score

test:  validate a package with a specific urls .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with the pixel and the pixel dictionary to the pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  return whether or not an executable is available on the system .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  returns   command
truth:  null   null

test:  puts the html to a resource with the given time .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  click   click

test:  create a snapshot name from the given name .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this function is called to return a string .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  salts   null
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a queryset of the order up in the order given by the order .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  recursively iterate over the fields in fields .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  given a course_key .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  list   list

test:  theano theano function for theano variables that uses fgraph the given mode .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  make   return
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash a password for the given user .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  decodes a entity_pb .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  null   read
truth:  prepares   null

test:  a simple 2d variable with the same name .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test basic exponential function .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   github
truth:  using   test

test:  convert a string value to a boolean value .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  value   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write a packet on the socket .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create a restify file from a directory .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  filter out the cinder and asks status .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure that the named job is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  uses list of task to parse the results from a collection of unix fields .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  create   null
truth:  read   a

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  if   module
truth:  delete   pool

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  you can run a placeholder placeholder .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  show   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disassociate a floating ip address from a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  join a graph in the input dv .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test bootstrap file should gracefully extract values .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  config   config
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the target entropy for a target .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  logistic loss model .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  compute   loss
truth:  computes   null

test:  all values of a list .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  yield   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of policy names from a user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  use this decorator to override entire action to avoid python function signature .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the value for a given type in a dictionary .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test classes classes in a none serie serie .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   default
truth:  test   classes

test:  helper function to format the region code for a specific region .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  plot an image and return a list of edges .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  time   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a pair of unicode strings .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  stopped   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  encode the given type for a string .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns the size of the device size .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  file   get
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator to enable that checks if the user is logged in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  ensure   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a list of ngram set .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  null   create
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind given to the provided values .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a neighbor exponential function that compares the input frame .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  null   error
truth:  generate   generate

test:  takes a soundcloud filename and returns a snippets object .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a fixture to tell the default loader of a loaded test .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   dictloader
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the default info file .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  given   a

test:  return the host from the xenapi host reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given offset .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  parse a response from a json response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  to   check
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g in multiline adjacency-list format to multiline format .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  given a truncated year .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  if   a
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config stub object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all packages found within directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group on a loop group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  convenience function for getting environment variables .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  returns   windows
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the text of a given file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  compute   md5

test:  load a strings .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  get the keys of an object or its value .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  is   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   image
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of all table names in the given catalog .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a datetime object for unix line of the filesystem .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  return the minimal minimal thread for a thread .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  update   set
truth:  set   set

test:  read a post traversal from the tree with respect to the same name as the appropriate component .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  returns a random job after prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks to see if a string has percent the highest field type .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  function   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse time from date .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  force   a
truth:  null   null

test:  write the string to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if the given result has a postscript zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  see   null

test:  internal method for mysql connections to scheduled .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  reconstruct   laplace
truth:  initialize   null

test:  calculate the mntd mean .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  construct   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  given a list of indent .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  language: pt-br -> double quotes colorless .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke and add panel in panel .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  given   null
truth:  revoke   task

test:  return the list of attributes of object that are present in the given expression .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a python command .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  start   a

test:  allow social auth to invoke the user .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  check   handler
truth:  load   current

test:  checks that the test needs to be saved .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  check that the unbounded table with unbounded right right table .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  tests   column
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  return   boto
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse a string from a file and return a hexii-dump .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  check   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  adds a space to the space on the namespace .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  add   return
truth:  populate   populate

test:  returns an encoded hexdigest of the given string .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  return   requests
truth:  base64   base64

test:  cast an argument to an integer or if its a type .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  casts   function
truth:  to   attempts

test:  formats a timestamp to a time string .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  renders a template messages .
truth: show django . 
test:  is   a
truth:  show   django

test:  is the path to the queue within the given dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  run a function as a string .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  run   null
truth:  given   a

test:  language: pt-br -> language class when a language is raised .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  to   scenario
truth:  null   fr

test:  set the warning warning to backslashreplace .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  override   python
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion motion motion motion motion motion motion and derivative motion motion + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize all parameters into the reader_name expression(s) .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  initialize logging for the script .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  decode   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return the progress element of a path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  recursive helper function for registerd .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion change section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  instructs   release
truth:  control   control

test:  create the default handlers for handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   handlers

test:  returns the user info in the environment variable .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   user

test:  create a string of a given length .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  you can run the currently selected history on a script .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  search   search

test:  return the bom file location .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  make   handler
truth:  default   default

test:  run quick on a shell command .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a utf8 xml string .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test installing from pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  installing   check
truth:  installing   test

test:  decorator to make a stack method that uses the request and handle the stack .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  handles   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a value from a dictionary of images .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sort the list of key sizes .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution cli example: .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the log of the appropriate log of x .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  null   function
truth:  normalize   x

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  paste   a
truth:  null   method

test:  profile line horizontally to compute multiplication second parameters src : bool order : int number of time series returns channels : bool if true .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  format   individual
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a unicode string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the given file is a animation file .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the current metric name .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  performs a permission requests with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  executes the user for the keyword arguments .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  list   a
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   statement

test:  this waits for the extra attribute and virtualbox virtualbox attributes .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  null   field

test:  returns a image version from independent data .
truth: return major . 
test:  retrieve   read
truth:  return   return

test:  load a file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if primer spawns a primer running in primer .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  traverse   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the edit view should be used .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generic bivariate extreme value copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  return an iterator over a text file or a default value .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the current ethernet class for use with a given name .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  find   find

test:  join the given number of strings to a string .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  finds the class registered for the provided alias or alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns true if the given path can be read in a previous file .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a record for builds with a hosts .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a table which checks that the mlp was a digital and the optional value for the given target .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   a

test:  write the .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  write   a
truth:  generate   info

test:  return whether the tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function that returns a draft as string .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  check if coefficients is a scipy .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  issue a deprecation warning to use python hook .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  reset   function
truth:  hook   hook

test:  sort the natural function .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  sort   apply
truth:  applies   a

test:  checks to make sure all the configuration are in the list of configs .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  check   dumps
truth:  if   checks

test:  override an existing theme class as a theme test .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  create   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream as a text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  return a list of module strings given a list of module names .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add a nested groups to the nested list .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  nested   get

test:  parse a matrix of the form generated by the form: section of a tuple .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   parser

test:  returns a unique integer id .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  map   a
truth:  map   map

test:  lock a file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  file   file

test:  generate a at the given hash with the given hash .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  is   function
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the coordinate grid from the wcs run in seconds .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  add suffix to extensions .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  add   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  set a new home directory if set to true .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan binding .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a human readable type .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a composite transform .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  compare   shortcut
truth:  create   a

test:  add an element to the list table .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  tests whether a parameter contains nan .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a list of keys sorted by ascending values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  sort   encodes
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to clean a default widget type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  empty   return
truth:  to   null

test:  cut the existence of a given object .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  p   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   compare
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test providing a home factory for the given pointer .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  direct the lists in the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   iterator
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  event: set the item to 1 .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   a
truth:  null   item

test:  call a function with a call to true if func() calls it timeout .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  func   func

test:  unpack lines that occur when all lines of lines .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  p   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  a validator value can be either an pvalues or a validator value .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  profile   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port and returns it .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  if   put
truth:  take   null

test:  return a continued matrix in a continued encoding .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  return   n
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function to fetch a content item from a given topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  fetch   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate points for image points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  points   points

test:  creates a proper breadcrumbs from the breadcrumbs .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the loops going loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses the given data as a datetime object and fills it .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a dict .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  to   function

test:  the recwarn request should have a new version/file .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  walk   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  db a tablespace to the postgres server .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  get   return
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for setting all the 2 samples .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   add
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm event from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   lsm

test:  return the working directory path .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   current

test:  preload if a video has been disabled .
truth: get streams . 
test:  tuple   remove
truth:  get   streams

test:  formats the byte string for an email with human readable representation .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  compute the pending types stored in the flattened flattened types .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  match   return
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if the tour tour exists .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  helper function for the right test for an observed .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the language is under the given language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  jahnke-emden test function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  direct   decorator
truth:  null   numbers

test:  send a message to hipchat .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  create a new thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the name of a valid number for the given number .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper method to get user api formatting formatting .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  given a url .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  query   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  helper to make sure the erfa parameter was defined in erfa .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  null   host
truth:  function   function

test:  test if a device has been virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  validate that the given key exists in the list of possible values .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   columns
truth:  provide   null

test:  given a string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  add the boot zone to the specified zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   restart
truth:  boot   boot

test:  this function uses a trackinglog reference to parse the path .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm ref from the extraconfig .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   reference

test:  computes the indefinite in x_j in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance domain .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   html
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  return   request
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a single doctype to use for django test .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the filename .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is available .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  checks if the provided ip address is a valid ip .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  read a fiff file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  print   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if the specified directive contains a calling directive for calling a calling definition .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  adds the item to a page .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  returns the html path of the executable in the given folder .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of objects .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all packages found in directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the input array with zeros like the input .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  produce   like
truth:  like   like

test:  get a float that is a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  return   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install installation installation on a distribution .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   running
truth:  install   zfs

test:  add a new org .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create an astroid test function that operates the given lrusizecache .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   use
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether a flash messages a flash are same .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  milestone add .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   milestone

test:  filter out private items in a consumer dict .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a constraint function for id that when one or more types are stored .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  if   correct
truth:  given   a

test:  default zone has been set cli example: .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  default   a
truth:  default   default

test:  reshape t .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  given   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts etree subscription to a http subscription subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   update
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive endrec and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload tarball to a working directory .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  applies   remote
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a timedelta folder .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  derivative of a function .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  null   encodes
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs from the selected selected sources .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   downloads
truth:  objects   objects

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  checks if pep8 is installed .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the sss rank for the given appropriate rank .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   example
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of command-line paths to be used in a user .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  plots a line .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cast an enum to int .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper to flatten a variable of extra counterpart from shape .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  recursive function for normal_ordered_form: .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  used to destroy the current session from the sessions sessions .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  manages   function
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns a list of all named named nodes .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the url for the given image .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  multi-dimensional multi-dimensional item list .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an image into a network input .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  completes based on the contents of the contents of the python environment .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  module   completion
truth:  based   null

test:  create a bound method for a given function .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the resource for a user .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  defines and saves a new request .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  switch   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a tensor is initialized for make sure that the host is large .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from markdown .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  try to start a ssh system with a given system cli example: .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  to   data
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  retrieve all the system roles for the github api .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compute the size of the timestamp of the future .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager user and extract the message line .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  handles an http routes and match any execution of the provided method as an http request .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a random integer from the inputs .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  find   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new instance .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calls a function protected as a shell check if the shell contains the same command .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  to   year
truth:  git   git

test:  basic should not take a function so it can be used as creation and not make sure the new-style attribute .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  verify   checking
truth:  to   test

test:  implement function to define a module for the given module argument .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  implement   create
truth:  define   a

test:  set a key/value pair in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  document   check
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  this function is used to ensure the timeout possible .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a list of resource pools from tag .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing argument validation .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  ensure   assert
truth:  show   show

test:  a utility method for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  based   null

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  starts a queue size in a new celery .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  boolean   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a remote mercurial repository from the given destination directory .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  logs an --unit in tests .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  return   a
truth:  log   history

test:  main command to logout .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  to   login
truth:  using   testing

test:  returns a list of authorization base headers .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  return   use
truth:  call   call

test:  returns true if point should be located .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} dictionary .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade assets db by removing the auto_close_date column .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   domain
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  in the square image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a movie structure to a movie .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  time   a
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions page as active page %} .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  show   replaces
truth:  usage   usage

test:  inject tags into the database .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   a
truth:  injects   null

test:  test no bundle if an output is not a merge one .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  returns   config
truth:  missing   a

test:  merge nested attribute registered into a function module .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  merge   user
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the daemons configuration files with the location of the repository .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  update   a
truth:  config   config

test:  helper method that raises an exception if the user does not exist .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  defines   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  used to mark a function as a normal result for attaching .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   builder

test:  determine if the given path is in the current platform .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  if   return
truth:  given   a

test:  create a frame for a frames .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   subroutine
truth:  create   a

test:  function to look up a class by name .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  module   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve the retrieve remaining usage usage for a given image .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  called   method

test:  set the gpu fraction for an already gpu .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  makes   arguments
truth:  set   set

test:  documents a document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  missing   compare
truth:  append   append

test:  calculate the selected record for a user .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  null   social
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the sum of the elements of the given iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the host size of the host size .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  append   compare
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list of nodes with the tree which are defined .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a dll name to a dll name .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  filter the filters in the predicate dict .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  return   create
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the given command .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  computes the probability discounted quadrature [1]_ of square and weights of the hermite polynomials .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  time   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return message id from site .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a continuous random variable with a fair distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the name of the backend being used .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  return   null
truth:  backend   backend

test:  pack image into a list of all images that are same as other .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  return   list
truth:  determines   null

test:  kill a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  finds   wrapper
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get the key for the private key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  get   comparison

test:  return a list of number that is a phone number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  input   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  traverses management api id to return the profile id .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  nice join to a sequence .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the limit of documents is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to a scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  give a setting value for processing tree on the given tree .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  annotate   a
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  find a unique id for a given conda path .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  find   null
truth:  supplied   null

test:  restrict forward to plt .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  copy   view
truth:  restrict   null

test:  display the traffic server configuration from traffic .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  display   output
truth:  read   traffic

test:  create a new addon name for the given addon type .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   create

test:  set some variables to factorization .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  look up the doc doc if there is a resource .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the address of a and address .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  write   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compresses the given distributions as a string .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  allow   load
truth:  create   a

test:  return the string representation of a type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  index   file
truth:  get   a

test:  takes all windows paths and returns them if they are not saving or can be resolved .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  sorts the given mapping by a given size by a given cluster .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  null   host
truth:  sort   sort

test:  return whether a numpy ufunc can be created for a given kind .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   variant

test:  api endpoint for downloads video .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test edf unchanged for edf .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  find   blobs
truth:  if   test

test:  return all module names that should be included with this class .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  file   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return the project object to use .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  process   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  calculate the time of dates for a goal point .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  return   return

test:  get eip on all none .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   square
truth:  error   error

test:  return the storage repository to hold vm images .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  find   search
truth:  return   return

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add intersections from loops .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  runs the given command with the given name and output .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   null
truth:  unmount   a

test:  convert a simple tag into a dict .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   rms
truth:  get   a

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if the given needed .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  create   a
truth:  if   check

test:  add resolved contacts as followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  view   ip
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of available images cli example: .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  entry point for bin/* scripts .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  run   settings
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extract integer id of function .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  returns a list of orbits for a strong or strong .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  return   bayesian
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  thin wrapper around the javascript .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  string   null
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a set of steps for the given scale and order .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for a gcode file or xml text .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks whether a path is a dotted path for a dotted resource or a function .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of all html tags .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  importing   import
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  return the cover of the given image file for the given container image .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of notification notification setting .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   a

test:  build a tree from a tree node .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format the request for each keyword arguments in the database .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  formats   identification
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the schema schema that is active in this interface .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a string of an object given the action .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  update   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  raise exception for custom module .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  raise   return
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  create media library the media_list_player instance .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  returns   media
truth:  get   media

test:  dynamically creates the output if it doesnt already exist .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  run   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get connection info .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  get   info
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get the loop from the circle intersections .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to capitalize filename .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test a marathon per ip address .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  activate   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  list the configuration for the current database_engine .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  null   return
truth:  provide   information

test:  initiate generation of a student which is not yet been generated by a course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  fixture   step
truth:  display   display

test:  the linear inequality constraint estimator .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   derivative

test:  return the base path to a base path .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  converts an integer to a file descriptor or fail if passed in .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  show all alarm configuration on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   information
truth:  return   a

test:  convert path to path .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  file   function
truth:  update   update

test:  run a module in the local directory .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  runs   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  convenience function for quickly user input validation .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  time   null
truth:  display   a

test:  verify the config file .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  version of a function .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  select   search
truth:  scan   a

test:  move or extend the property property in the protocol property in the datastore .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  go   null

test:  create tests to verify verify options are saved for tests .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  construct   tests
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the provided body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a file with the given path and writes the given path to the given file .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  internal method to resolve the current connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  do   send
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   p
truth:  p   p

test:  compute the euclidean distances between x and y:: k = .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  dumb message to format .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if path is absolute .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a lock .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  function for setting vote on understand events .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  accept   json
truth:  null   null

test:  try to get the unstaged changes .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  generates   iterator
truth:  walk   null

test:  return a list of raw statistics for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  embed the given album into maxwidth maxwidth args: maxwidth : album to embed the path to embed into maxwidth using the maxwidth maxwidth .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   link
truth:  embed   album

test:  get the binary name of the current working directory .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  get   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all rules with the given one or more rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  initiate   rules
truth:  using   null

test:  compute a weighted edges of a mesh from a model .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  returns   measure
truth:  return   sparse

test:  the integer to vulnerable with integer >= b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  transform a string to a list .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   encodes
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a form displaying all the questions for a given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a text to a binary string of add_*_data() storage .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a folder from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name put its properties .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  converts an absolute uri to a resource on the filesystem .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return the port vnc port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  ignore this error message and return appropriate exception .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  ignore   code
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the south is history .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initializes   manager
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the stack number in the stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  initialize the mailitemproperty resource handler .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  iterate over the specified record in the system .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  classify   function
truth:  solves   problem

test:  request a task with user as a background task .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : rule | dubconstant .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply word_size//8 to a list of dicts .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  null   group
truth:  modify   null

test:  check the line of a line .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to use for all activities .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a 2d numpy array to the plane config directory .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  create   timestamp
truth:  convert   a

test:  capture the responder by tests and save it to the responder .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  requests   command
truth:  hook   hook

test:  retrieves the full endpoint from the catalog catalog we search the service catalog for services matching both catalog and the region services .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  handle   compute
truth:  select   null

test:  read the file size and return as a unicode string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  read   read

test:  send translations to translation .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  send   send
truth:  translated   append

test:  returns the config directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   users

test:  provides a dict of policy policy associated with the given group type .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first element in the iterable whose value is true .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  find   null
truth:  execute   something

test:  return frequency for the delay-normalized distribution .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   derivative
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a string of a given length .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treewalker class for various tree of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend before running a test .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  returns the secret separator for a given width .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address belongs to link-local multicast address space .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the user is naive .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer to a string of bytes .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  find   find

test:  get the round version .
truth: get the round . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update the main patch of the given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  is   update
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the given access string .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  transform   transform

test:  execute a gluster job on the init server .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  input   current
truth:  perform   a

test:  looks for a pprint .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dict

test:  max linear model with x and targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  -   -

test:  determines if a file has a comma .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  take   check
truth:  if   check

test:  sends an email .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  redirect   build
truth:  email   email

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  is   null

test:  create a new module in the given module .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generates response normalization for a local distribution .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  prepare   repeats
truth:  null   response

test:  returns a list of zookeeper locations .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   config
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the node boundary of nodes and insert a node .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that fit a fixed bound to fixed bound .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  null   overrides
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of opportunitys .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  calculate the allowed formats for the last formats .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  header   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the provided error is an errors error .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  recursively match a dictionary and values in the dictionary .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  to   a
truth:  like   like

test:  a wrapper for turning a single collection-list .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  signals to send a public queue queue with the users queue queue .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  validates   project
truth:  null   queue

test:  dummy implementation of epsilon .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the number of sync processes that are in the request .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes a function out the appropriate clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if all the line in the line looks like a white comment .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a host/time certificates for students whose names start with a given course .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  submits   a

test:  returns the next weekday for observances .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  null   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a set of hypergeometric accept .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  detect   up
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check that the value of a database is an admin for backwards compatibility .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  check   checking
truth:  if   check

test:  temporarily suppress stdout and exits stdout .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  to   context
truth:  disable   null

test:  find the user for a given username .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  check   a
truth:  list   list

test:  notify a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are a datetime arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if running on the system .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates the firewall-cmd commands of the command .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  changes   check
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns the list of all the attributes that can be used to place .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a sane implementation of issubclass .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  return   a
truth:  obj   obj

test:  monitor service via daemontools .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  ensure   image
truth:  get   get

test:  initializes the ipython session as defined by the python interpreter .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  init   null
truth:  construct   new

test:  write a file to a git file .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  generates a random instance from the supplied instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generate   smbios_tables
truth:  xml   xml

test:  moves all public typing of the @hook .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until a predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   package
truth:  wait   up

test:  generic validation function for api handling set of any instance which may have the attribute of the given value .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  format   filtering
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns a list of tasks .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  delete content elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if current environment is installed by the environment .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   function
truth:  if   check

test:  determine if the node is booting and fails .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the yeelight component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  check if the given node is an super super node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: version of the version number all the jenkins :jenkins-wiki .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  migrate a package version .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  migrate   jar
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  extract   crud
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger uri for the given path and returns the logger .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  require an installed version of the latest site .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  clean   files
truth:  require   null

test:  return the version of a ms sql server cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   retry
truth:  return   return

test:  write a fake ring .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce postorder nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering using post .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  traverse   nodes
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  backward a figure matches for a single number of bytes .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  translated   matches

test:  exponential linear unit .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  evaluates   linear
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  if   check

test:  create a node with a given vm on the cloud provider .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian matrix for a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns the index of two independent samples .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the name of the modulestore setting .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume a iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  iterate   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json object .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  tests whether input has exactly elements .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking sum of sparse variable .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  null   null
truth:  blocking   non

test:  given a set .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  perform tidy of documents in text .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  check   reverse
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   circle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  checks whether the process with a given process is a my process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a c-contiguous integer indicating the length of a given vector .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  dataset   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a storage storage storage class .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the windows feature if successful .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   chocolatey
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  extract the appropriate path from a package path .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list substitute formatters .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download filename from tarball to website .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   filename
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  make a template class for function *func* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if a template matches a file .
truth: test if . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  add an user like object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   a

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expands   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator for concrete methods .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the sign sign symbol used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default value of the default yarncluster .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  sets modified on the local objects on the database .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  set   set
truth:  modified   sets

test:  create a utility utility function that returns a nearest snmp string .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  uses   trace
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  registers a stanza stanza with the given roles .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  register   a
truth:  associate   a

test:  returns a list of violations for the violations files in the given directory .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find the full path to a resource in a given directory .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a tuple of numbers into a tuple .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   lists
truth:  converts   converts

test:  print the python implementation name .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging notifier .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert list to tuple from order to width .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 format .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  remove the dictionary and options from the commands .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  emit   null

test:  connect to a mongodb sni .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that allows one or more advanced to modify the context of a function in the provided things .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  enables   a

test:  release media list item from media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  list   event
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the stack frame of the given stack frame .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  return   shorthand
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete an existing topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  password   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  helper decorator used to mark a function that returns a test .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the homogeneity score for the i-th standard deviation .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : definition .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  append append to the end of the payload .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replaces   tests
truth:  complete   null

test:  get complex lists of the loop .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  provides a string in seconds since the epoch to a string .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get a worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the path to the directory of a path .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  order   order

test:  check the precision vector is positive-definite .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   a

test:  update the config_id info server .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  update   update
truth:  server   server

test:  find the first nonzero within a given tuple .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   port
truth:  find   image

test:  returns the size of the gamma function .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  build   a
truth:  given   integers

test:  500 a response with an ajax error message .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  create   a

test:  checks that named exception is output .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  returns the default group type .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email to the initiator of a bulk email email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  add deprecated argument to the whole argument .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns the indices in the mandlebrot escape .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  null   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses environment and returns a tuple .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  to   handler
truth:  read   proxy

test:  reads the images from a given folder .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   group
truth:  remove   group

test:  convert a package to a list of strings on this platform environment .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  print   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  for a list of friendly template filter to represent the tip .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  load the tls entry from the group .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  load   format
truth:  name   name

test:  check if a vm is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of reference values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   calculate
truth:  given   a

test:  yield data from http response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the specified activity type exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  authentication version of dns user .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  null   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  returns the base type for given base name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns details of the environment variables .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   paths
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  normalizes   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all flags belonging to the given feature .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a bpf object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check that roundtrip is installed and it is acceptable as a export .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  trace   function
truth:  check   check

test:  create a list of child objects that can be found in the css order .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  get   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that lists get a list lists .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  optionally return the value in a python type .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  return   a
truth:  arg   arg

test:  decorator to run a function in disk .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  list all themes in a given themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  list   t
truth:  display   display

test:  get the list of warnings for the process .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert raw messages from group to amount of amount .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  format   format
truth:  convert   a

test:  checks that the given credentials are valid .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   authorization

test:  repeat a 2d tensor with the given axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  null   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a list of services that are running on boot cli example: .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  parse the server/portal restart status .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  construct   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  append the text scope to the given text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  to   attribute
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the version of currently installed to display .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  null   up
truth:  given   a

test:  reads an parameters from the header .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   function
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a glob glob pattern to a string containing the regex match .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a value using given format .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  return   function
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : plist name equals number .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given a model path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset warnings by name from a orm .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  make   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  returns the real host name for a given scheme .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random file name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure that package is installed .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  package   permissions
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an item from the given args or return it .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple function to verify a key is valid .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized test .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ssh-keyscan -> returns a tuple .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  format   a
truth:  coerce   null

test:  close a file descriptor to close the given child .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  return   null
truth:  file   file

test:  executes command .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  -   command
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator turning a function into a runs of python code .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write a given tree to a binary stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return a boolean indicating whether each string in the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  determines   numpy
truth:  find   find

test:  generate data from several sjson data of sjson subs .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   transcripts
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the markup filter name .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the settings for a given user_id .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load the config compiler for use in pages .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  find   a
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  loads an object from a file .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap a function using a proper kwargs .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  try to get the dropbox folder folder for the current host .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  a simple convenience function with internationalization .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  iterator   fake
truth:  rendered   page

test:  map the list of inputs to the inputs given by using mapping .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  list   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extracts the value of the given provider provider .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  value   value

test:  test the package level about the musicbrainz images .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   test
truth:  visualize   null

test:  a function to check if a user is a contributor .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the bit value of a given tensor with all possible values .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  return   string
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parses the given xml .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  force   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct public facet title .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  returns the name of the html section in the html .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   expression
truth:  return   a

test:  return the meth class corresponding to the given object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for notify which the copper copper are not pickleable .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  checks   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait for a lock to finish .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  if   null

test:  generate the style_dir function of a dataset .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a no-op method to wait for a given vm and raises a new one .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test either if an sent is raised while a static type .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  determine the connectivity connectivity for a set of neighbor .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert filename to pathlist .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove a key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  null   method

test:  utility method designed to sort the given strings s1 and char segments .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  concatenate   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the private_exponent .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of ports groups and security groups .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the default image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  stop   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validates a password in the http password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a datetime object that takes a string and returns a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a relative path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run commands with the bokeh .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   unit

test:  return true if tmpfile is supported .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  return   configs
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the received received object .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   way
truth:  get   get

test:  traverse the beacon level .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  iterates over markdown project .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  download   a
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  find the first statement in a node .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  reorders   returns
truth:  enforce   a

test:  convert the input m and display the values of the message .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  string   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  to   string
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute targets for an image with targets .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test uninstalling package installed .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  uninstall   fixing
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  gzip pregnancy encoding by replacing children and write the csv file in descending .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  query   like
truth:  identify   null

test:  ensure that the {status forms are as a scipy .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  test   request
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that its possible to combine json data .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a slice of request instances from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate sample order for a given *lut* .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  calculate   sample
truth:  null   null

test:  adds mapping about mapping .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  retry   null
truth:  support   support

test:  split a list of breaks at breaks .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   s
truth:  split   split

test:  remove unicode from a string .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  like   like

test:  get list of receivers registered receivers .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  null   zone
truth:  list   list

test:  return a decorator that adds the decorated model for this content slug .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a tuple with extensions of transifex .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  compute   dependencies
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return markdown generator as markdown .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  text   a
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  input the fill index .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  call   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  stop all available target .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  helper function for the "config" property .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  given a string .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  function   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  set function for the {attached: terminate datacenter from the provider .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  add   null
truth:  enables   null

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test plotting montages .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  plot   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  fix a stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  apply   database
truth:  fix   fix

test:  make sure the given structure is a grouping of grouping .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  is   check
truth:  output   output

test:  run a http command to the given arguments using the given arguments .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  find if the supplied field name is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  pad out data with the given size and part of a link-local link-local keys from a link-local sequence .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pads   data
truth:  apply   standard

test:  given a tag .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  time   drop
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  enumerates all the reason in a subdirectory .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a list of lists into a list of statements .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  expand   attempts
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates a random integer filled with seed # arguments shape: and returns it .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper method to get an http request .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the standby timeout setting cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deposit a variance at the bottom of an audio clip .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate all rst from the rest config files .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generates   mount
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the name of the testdata file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve quota usage dirty bit by a given resource and multiple update .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  update   lists
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a lag port for a given port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open a file and return the descriptor .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   replace
truth:  open   a

test:  the probability from standard deviation to select a set of sequences .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for testing .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  list all print +00:00 .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   subscribers
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes the string remove from the right of a file .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return lines of show information about the specified stream .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  process   remove
truth:  function   function

test:  add the given members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   members

test:  decorator to run a function with a different server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a blank lines to the divides tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  add   add

test:  allow other sites to be a valid object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   predicate

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  return the ip address returned in the current banded .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  compare   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  "output_file" sampling loss function .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  null   version
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  load a given cookiecutter with the given mode .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  run   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return the shortcut associated with the given name .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  returns the command output with the given parameters .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  command   lists
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  returns   returns

test:  indent a string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   function
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant to a flavor access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  get information on a users zpool .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  get   host
truth:  provide   grains

test:  parameters tidy : int .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  return   release
truth:  release   release

test:  returns a dict with keys of the current user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  function   a
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest thermostat .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  delete an attribute with the given instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  del   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  change source string check .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   project
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the information on a specific selinux version .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  null   version
truth:  return   return

test:  a page to log in request .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  request   json
truth:  add   a

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   check
truth:  require   a

test:  is the computer in use by the composite process .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if a mongodb decoder can be a numpy integer or a filename .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  finds   code
truth:  returns   a

test:  pretty print the filesize of a filesize .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  format   pretty
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether this is a bug that doesnt exist .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  arg   null
truth:  if   check

test:  save an image to disk with the contents of this image .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  compute   plugin
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the script name for the given script name .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   script

test:  get the fallback value for a configuration file .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  create a random string of the given length .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  check that the ports are referenced by the slaves .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  returns   report
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   url
truth:  url   url

test:  define & return a method .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  given a list of maxfilter-formatted objects this function takes a list of the corresponding to the given structure of the data structure .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  calculate   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the last line of a text .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   use
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  penn treebank vocabulary and training and gap vocabulary from word2vec .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   load

test:  determine whether the line ends with a single space character .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  null   package
truth:  extract   null

test:  send an index page .
truth: index handler . 
test:  function   null
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculate the root statistic for a course .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  decorator for views which should be used for a function .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set a location variable .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  set   windows
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return a dictionary with new update .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  null   return
truth:  merge   one

test:  convenience function to check if a user exists in a given email and exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  starting   start
truth:  test   test

test:  signal to see if systemd is installed .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   null

test:  cast function to its json representation .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  casts   return
truth:  null   method

test:  list all principal policies cli example: .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   arg
truth:  list   list

test:  convert an excel descriptor to a nonstaff list .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  returns a set of keyword names .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  writes a given vector to a file .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  writes   null

test:  make sure the pointer has been added to the right of the pointer .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  use   null
truth:  running   in

test:  check if the file is a diophantine format .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the information on the queue .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a gtk gtk for a gtk .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing assignment section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  returns   section
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic cubic autocovariance .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  null   a

test:  creates a new :class:command .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the word .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  import import console setting .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  run   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export a csv file to csv .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  run   a
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a specific name is enabled on the system .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  list   a

test:  install a package id .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   copies
truth:  install   a

test:  report report on a particular state .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  list   information
truth:  null   information

test:  get the cluster id for the given name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  function   function

test:  fixes all elements of the given node with the given viable .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  retrives   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  create and make a call parameter from the given name .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a indentation from docstring *s* .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the inset inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a boolean check if the value represents a boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a short interface function poolers if the key-value or stack is a number of tags .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in the current environment .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize the db into the database .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  opens   database
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return the virtual machine for the passed vm data .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of existing figure groups .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the redis database from the config .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects labels in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   image
truth:  labels   labels

test:  constructs a regextokenizer from a binary .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the analysis arguments: tex_root -- the path to the tex root as a string if you use the view instead .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource headers for guided catalog .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  header   header

test:  combine two data from data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  left   null

test:  check that methods do not have the same name .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   no

test:  compute a post-signup serialized serialized serialized serialized serialized serialized .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the modules that are available on the master cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  run the python tests .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  using   function
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator for classes that automatically run a test with a given intercept .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  validate for an activity_dict .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   current
truth:  validate   validate

test:  prepare a string for inclusion in returning a couple line .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  join   list
truth:  outputs   a

test:  remove the total status of a job .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  run   null
truth:  quit   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize the inverse sigmoid with the given dataset and returns the supplied dataset .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  null   cross
truth:  returns   b

test:  delete the process with the given name .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  construct a new extend_positions instance of the same length as the creates creates a new pre-trained function .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parses the given date string to a date object .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  support   a
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision of the 2012 error of the 2012 2012 .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a repo tag corresponding to a given image name .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  check if uploading is complete .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle command line parameters .
truth: process one link . 
test:  returns   command
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-branch(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to the revision to the revision revision to the revision revision : false if running .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  print a set of shell alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  display   a
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using satisfied links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  tests   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that output of multiarg .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   purpose
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if parquet is valid .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  null   function
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert the integer list of integer key=value to a method method .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  rate   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a network and a cleaner .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   image
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  extract the alignment alignment from the alignment of the alignment as a dataset .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test if a git url is repo for a repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  cleans the cached data for all __context__ in the current working directory .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  clean   list
truth:  remove   apk

test:  automatically exit the last exit method and exit if an exit code is none .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi function as an scgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  be   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to create a file and log the log for each log .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  calculate   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  test that hint by a simple feature generated by hint .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  test   show
truth:  null   message

test:  get the login token .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  receives a pub/sub message .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  prints   message
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a generic structure of the colours structure .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  prepare master log to export string: one or more log :raises: :raises: :raises: .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   group

test:  merge 2 dicts by adding the values .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  test download the mldata function .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  kill receiver from receiver with the senderkey from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  authentication handler for http auth service .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  return   password
truth:  returns   a

test:  update eeg logarithms parameters .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  add   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  resets the module attempts to make it easier on the given problem .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   change
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns the path to the device file of the current thread .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  safely return whether a directory in subjects_dir is an mri subject .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a hash identifying the hash value .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the current audio output device output for the specified audio device .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  print   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  run freebsd on freebsd connections .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  locates   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update job if explicitly explicitly be sent .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  imports   lists
truth:  import   import

test:  a decorator that makes sure a function always returns the call to a function if any of the decorated function .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  remove the entry in the line .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string to a port number .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  customize   app
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start a gcm and run a new server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  benchmark run the dataset on a single dataset .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  starting   influence
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a unicode string .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  stack   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put the list of published posts into blog posts for the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   returns
truth:  put   a

test:  check that a path is discrete variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  tests the localectl of the current locale cli example: .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  set   wrapper
truth:  use   use

test:  return a cast corresponding to a cast type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  check that the given flow and access controls .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  check   facet
truth:  if   checks

test:  obtain a new path from the file system and all roles from the path to the file system .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  source   request
truth:  given   null

test:  test io with raw sheet .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  apply a function to a simple domain .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  converts an exception error into a validation error .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test socket validation .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   add_dict_to_cookiejar
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  interpret an entry from a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  correct   correct

test:  lists all zones for a project .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  encode a missing object as a got object .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  evaluates the binomial and fnupickle to a numpy ndarray .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  revert pseudo-quotient to remainder in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  tag   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for valid dna characters in standard fields also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or barcodes or generic generic generic checks .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  all values of a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yields   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  view function which handles an email confirmation confirmation .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  email   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a time string to a value .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   commas
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  check that a portage package is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates a customized config network zones .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  watch   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create a pickled object .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  encode a string as a file .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  return   null
truth:  object   object

test:  checks to see if a string ends with composite associativity .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a bilinear kernel to the kern kernel .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  null   default
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  return   syntax
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade bill and launch launch launch launch libguestfs .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  null   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  set   work
truth:  null   service

test:  create a compositelayer wrapping two mlp with a given state .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  calculate the youtube urls for a given url .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make the master to the master master name the master to use the master to the master to use the jenkins to the master .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  make   ip
truth:  set   set

test:  add a sparse source field to the campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  set the layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  wait   set
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   home
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a filename to finish .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  colorize style on the given code .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  search   search

test:  returns dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  return the file path to the given file path .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  load   a

test:  make matched text groups .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays the buttons row for buttons .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  return a dict of files with the given metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convenience function to create a proper rule rule .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  returns   formatting
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return true if source can be handled by source .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   request
truth:  call   call

test:  checks if the promo preliminary is in the current time .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  boolean   return
truth:  if   return

test:  prints out what items of a logger .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  start the signal .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a group specs item .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  tests all contents of the cluster verbose : string cluster verbose name cli example: .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  list   read
truth:  return   a

test:  list the installed perl modules for this minion cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for a task to appear as resource .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  make a sequential entry by a human readable string .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all the runtime .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  attempts   null
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   conversion
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  like strftime .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong type .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  wraps a command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  -   null
truth:  call   call

test:  return the exception data for the given basket .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  exception   handle
truth:  exception   exception

test:  format a list of changes to the output .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  returns   hook
truth:  format   format

test:  parses the events in an alert logger .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract the background tags that has a background tags .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the dna matrix .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  show   function
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  doctest-skipping should not allow javascript for a few list to be added in case .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  want   check
truth:  test   test

test:  perform a versioned document .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  return rgb usage of an image .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   rgb
truth:  null   image

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set unique facts if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the generated facts .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  apply   session
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  a function to check if a process with pid is running .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  if   test
truth:  use   os

test:  do entities in a request .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  extract   link
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test to make sure that the html table is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to project/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert the number of units that represent to disk .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   function
truth:  turn   number

test:  return the pip file path of a job .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  check   a
truth:  get   get

test:  memoize a function using a method .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli example: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns the taxa taxa table object from db .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  returns a context manager that raises resourcedenied if it does not exist .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  context   a
truth:  name   name

test:  get a new composite server with the given description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  load   load

test:  return a context manager which will capture all none to the given source .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper function to find an attribute that doesnt get corresponding to the value .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out the version of the given git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  encrypts a message .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  color   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a dict of network keys .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extracts   a

test:  given a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  search   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test if a regression where the first argument is started .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store a language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  when or update related units is created .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  deletes   update
truth:  related   update

test:  ensures that sample arguments are provided as a json-serializable application .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  creates   string
truth:  null   null

test:  include all highest dictionaries .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  direct_declarator : id .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  convert a relative relative level to a string .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract mgz info from a dictionary of mgz .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  output   variable
truth:  null   helper

test:  test that a function is called before the cross-validation .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  check   null
truth:  is   null

test:  calls shell-command and offer out to stdout .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   input
truth:  run   a

test:  get the list of available availability for this region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  pass in the emrjobrunner options to discover options .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free part of a square-free square-free list in k[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns package version of pip in pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current version of the latest version of the version .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  null   version
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the name of a learner .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator to define a context around a given aware .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as the function of an image .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  function   activation
truth:  filter   data

test:  test the python module is installed .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  testing   new
truth:  test   test

test:  displays the header .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  print   reverse
truth:  format   format

test:  loads the configuration from a configuration file .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  sets   redirect
truth:  undo   undo

test:  converts a string into a regular expression .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  is   null

test:  executes commands in a subshell .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  run   run
truth:  specified   null

test:  finds the tuple in something that actually exist in the given stream object .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  find   find
truth:  look   null

test:  wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necesary .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   quote
truth:  wraps   a

test:  generates the composition of a normal inverse problem .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like the standard assertmsg .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   reverse
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report for usage of usage .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  used to parse the command line runner .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  demonstrates   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the current pre-amplification value .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a database connection to a package .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  return   info
truth:  returns   a

test:  return contiguous true regions for each boolean true .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  reconstruct   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return normal form .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the list of paths which a user is part of the paths .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute f + a degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   content
truth:  return   return

test:  commodity channel index .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  returns a list of all the registered weighers instances .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compare versions and return true if the versions version is one .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  rolls for a regression problem by one deterministic regression .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  compute   utility
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   converts
truth:  time   time

test:  from the timeseries into a form .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  returns   content
truth:  is   null

test:  parse string containing only a tuple .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return a formatted number formatted for a specific locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  format   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the normalized normalized normalized phase using a sample phase .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   real
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  this is the transforms inputs that seem be inserted into an appropriate type string .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  arrays   lists
truth:  convert   a

test:  read a data structure from a file and return a multi-index list .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   data

test:  only load if incompatible is installed .
truth: always load . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  load   load

test:  adds unique id to unique id .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  creates a flavor record .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a kml object that matches the given request label .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  view   view

test:  compute the current audio output name .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   current
truth:  selects   null

test:  test installing a hash using a setup with a double hash .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a string to a binary path if it isnt already .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  project version view shows a project to a list of files .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  project   a
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given time .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return true if data is encrypted .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the cflags sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  null   scale
truth:  return   return

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get the current purchase for the current jinja2 .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   read
truth:  get   average

test:  returns filesystemloader initialized with a single package .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the cached app .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  null   everything

test:  generate a snapshot id from a snapshot name .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  null   information
truth:  to   attempt

test:  a simple wrapper to theano variables with the theano wrapper .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  list   return
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return str representation of text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the trimmed mean of the mean of the values in the sample .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  retrieve the list of certificates from a certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  retrieve   find
truth:  builds   null

test:  data -> gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  decodes   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  factory for scrolled type .
truth: function type . 
test:  processes   null
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  characters to connect to the test class .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  accepts   up
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the path to the device name of the user .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return this platforms platforms .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   mail
truth:  mail   mail

test:  unload for the slices in a list of strings .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  removes   function
truth:  null   null

test:  used to parse the command line and run the main event size .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  point   function
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the list of language name for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the connection to the db .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  show the details of a machine .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   details

test:  returns a content handler that detects the execution of all the required handlers .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  prepare console debug debug debug debug level .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if *uri* can be embedded in an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the current parent object .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   info
truth:  context   context

test:  return true if the given instance is the projection of the current buffer .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show the name of the package that owns the file .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  if   return

test:  gets the text of a python source file .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  there are no vm to be updated on the vm with the vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  null   app
truth:  null   a

test:  write html file that is over http file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none if it doesnt exist .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write the given m3 file to the given path .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average from the moving series is farther and the last run of the moving window since the moving average sequence of each series into
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  compute   cheatsheet
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts pretty name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   hosts
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the spherical angle values .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a languages title with the given language title .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  load a file and return the lines with the given name .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  file   backup
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  convert an object to a python object .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to remove a user .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  deletes   contents
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  view to select a sample code for a specific document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns true if the backup backup of the request was supported on a request .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  return   settings
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test ensure_list_csv from source file .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   dipole
truth:  test   test

test:  find submodules in a given module .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  ensures that the titles with titles from a list of titles .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  sets   verifies
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read text data from a file and return its contents .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  text   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the output to html level level for use in settings for the level dump .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  converts   widgets
truth:  renders   html

test:  function to decide whether the function has a function .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  if   use
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip progressively fade to keep its own explicitly .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   fasta
truth:  makes   null

test:  helper function to read an ipv4 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  process   filters
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a simple binary with the given format and return an array of the appropriate .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  make   a
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling coupling .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   a
truth:  coupling   null

test:  test if a function is an instance of a given file .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unflag view to unflag an account .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: mask-passwords add matrix to the build as environment variables requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:hipchat plugin <robot+framework+plugin> .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a buffer .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  display the config of the displayer buffer .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  set   set

test:  check the correct status code for a method .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  recursively copy the inputs and outputs .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a string with the first item in pat .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local noise noise of an image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  filter   greyscale
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an puid <url .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set up a stubs .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  config   fix
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw a particular tex window .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  null   triangle
truth:  draw   a

test:  test pip package which allows divider .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  given the name .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   return

test:  download user auth auth .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  to   request
truth:  given   a

test:  a simple tasks that can be used to get the current status of a connection .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  null   change
truth:  view   view

test:  get geometry output by manipulation .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  apply filters to a query .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download an unsigned yaml_dict for a given reviewer .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  compute the absolute value for a partial point .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  to   improvement
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write a list of a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   date
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  send a single status to an album .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  return   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test reading keys in %run .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   traceback
truth:  printing   printing

test:  get the list of namespace files in the given uri .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  produce a relaxed distance .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   distance

test:  remove changeset .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  insert the regardless of a dataset .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  returns the progress data for this minion .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish message to an mqtt topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  create   message
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the root object spec .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove the bridge from the bridge .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  remove   prints
truth:  removes   null

test:  lists all of the specified app_name via rabbitmqctl list_permissions cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  returns   packages
truth:  return   a

test:  confirm this module is on a nilrt based system .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  update the experiment .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  fakes   null

test:  computes the t-test for an initial quadrature distribution .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  given the optimal row and a list of {'num {'num .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  find   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test whether a schema has a valid least common least the given least the given value .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   db
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  marks a function as a unicode string .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  build a list of directories in a tree .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   create

test:  start the cci instance and return the production version .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  generate   tests
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a string using a ticket references .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  to   dataset
truth:  given   a

test:  return strlist union for all the context .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  list   indices
truth:  union   union

test:  returns the drafts attribute for a user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a json object from a feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  create   link
truth:  creates   a

test:  filter out condition result of a given data .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  filter   data
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  recursively walk a python path .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  yield   null

test:  compute autocovariance function for var(p) process parameters coefs : ndarray the index of white data in the var(p) process .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong type .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of the python version supported by parsing the python version as a tuple .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert an rgb colour to a spectrogram .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  index   rgb
truth:  convert   colour

test:  given a list of dictionaries .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   view
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   volume
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered module "probes" to the output .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  creates an sni-enabled purchase for the given virtual machine and returns an subprocesess object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  append a list of parsing paths to the provided option .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  to   add
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the current system cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   center
truth:  restart   csf

test:  parse emails and update their api .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  logs   email
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a multiline metric from the probability distribution parameters data : array_like .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  function   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns true if the specified task is a fixture .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   expression

test:  extracts translatable messages from the given node .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper function to bind a random port and return it .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  logs the user out .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  log   logs
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read a file named bytes from the given filename and offset it .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   function
truth:  read   length

test:  return whether x is in the path .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clone a vdi and clone the new vdis with the provided clone .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  obj   serialize
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  tuple   iterator
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generates a unique id for a secret key .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten nested level level .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build a value for interacting with the permissions .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   build
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  connect to a given service on the given transport and transport .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  add   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  checks if the list is a list of strings .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  if   strategy
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the exit code of the command .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that v is of the supplied version string .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for filterform .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  filter   comments

test:  helper to set a link palette that can be used as the palette according to the palette .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  return   check
truth:  list   list

test:  n319 - use list comprehension instead of the default checks .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  add a item to the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  fills   null

test:  graph the input implied by name .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   a

test:  creates a session object .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace leading and trailing newlines with a single space .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  null   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check to make sure the check are properly before a new one .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  run a command in systemd target .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  escape special characters in text so that it can be placed in html files .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  text   escape
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  returns an html representation of the context with the widget and the widget .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   host
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the server setting for the provided server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  resolve a package with the appropriate central key .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  check   obj
truth:  if   null

test:  generate user login and call for the current user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  running   verifies
truth:  take   action

test:  return a string with indentation must be ignored .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  forgot username page .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  log   null
truth:  look   up

test:  a boolean value which are the returner for parser .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  reconstruct   examples
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a specific free free space .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to get the endpoint reviewer reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  parses a string and returns an iterator .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  calculates   wrapper
truth:  null   class

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   configure
truth:  m   m

test:  check if a user is admin in a specific group .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  is   null

test:  get the current pressure time from the pressure .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  show the list of recent tags for the user .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  fill   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  return gateway gateway details for the given account .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  get   instances
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns the maximum line ending in the line that has the given line .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  get   get
truth:  look   null

test:  alternative version of the t distribution .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   leakyrelu
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns source and its dependencies .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use latest posts for each graph .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  convert a datetime to a csl object .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  takes   like
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that value is of type string .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  raises   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of continuation state in segment_info segment_info .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  display   parser

test:  returns true if the key exists in the crontab key exists .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  check   check

test:  raises an exception if the user does not exist .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  another deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   returns
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  for said indentation statistic .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  correlation   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an mg record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  run the script with the specified average .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  find   function
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  use the given function to looks up all the fake function belonging to the given key .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting information section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  null   section

test:  checks that a left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  write   null

test:  test with hidden text at the beginning with relevant arguments .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  numpyprinter should not expose use a case .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator for filename with a function or method .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  returns the information of all the preview "bulk" .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the given {'username' is a valid ip .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   standard

test:  gets a running data .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check whether ref is a valid ref .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  represent the directive token in a string .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  find   info
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a polygon from a rotation .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  settings   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the args for each distinct method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  an integer to apply to localhost .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  wrap   arguments
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add the given counter to the database .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes content references from the system .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of all organizations managed up to a specific organization .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with qtwebkit .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  create   backend
truth:  null   null

test:  return the platform deployment dir for user .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  print a stack trace .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  dump   a

test:  given the path to a module .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  look   null

test:  remove a single package .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  helper function for probability .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  checks for a appropriate error code .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  error   error

test:  create a random string of characters with a random length .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  create   strip
truth:  generate   a

test:  add a user to a group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   permissions
truth:  add   add

test:  convert numeric row/col notation in a1 notation to numeric row/col notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read a cache time from the file named time .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  returns true if the given date is between the given date .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the http layer layer by http layer layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clears zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns a dict of all templates found in url .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  if   try
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   a

test:  find all serial values in iterable that are chunkize by iterable .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   elements

test:  determine if the given password is a number-like revision .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation entry .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a json representation of the data in g .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  return   data

test:  decorator which causes its input to an issuing issuing .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  view for osf login .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  display   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  adds a group group to the appropriate acl group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt the data cipher with the given cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   data
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  sets the gui mode for the current thread .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  change   a
truth:  tell   null

test:  return a text info dictionary .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   python

test:  format an instance of the execution status information .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   instance

test:  return a list of lexer matches .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combine the given image into a new color space .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  add   a
truth:  blend   blend

test:  get the argument name of a function .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  if the auto list of not complete .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  get   json
truth:  returns   a

test:  rolls back a transaction and produce the dirty flag .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  override   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  fail unless the python interpreter is not a mandatory square-free .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  fake   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  this is a decorate function which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve a list of attachment_specs auth .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  return the composition of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a datetime object from the unix date .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  called by the tcollector command to have a fake symbol .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extract an musicbrainz id from the given token id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the sony platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  ensure the defaults for a minimum package name the name of the user to run in the minimum file system .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   limit
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default group of the group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  process   source
truth:  set   set

test:  return a string which is the concatenation of the strings in the sequence .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  in which users signup .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  null   try
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the full database from the mysql server .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  to   pairs
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin xml tag and the inner text .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a set of logged ids based on the given request and user and user .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   management
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for notify which has after offsets when invoked .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save minions to the specified improve id .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively unpack the keys and values of subsequent dictionaries .
truth: from url . 
test:  returns   individual
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get the amount of seconds required to display a single line .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert avro-json containing methods/functions from the environment and messages into a dictionary .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  parse   a

test:  add the environment and the current environment variable .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   tags
truth:  list   tags

test:  explicitly mark a function as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  calculate diag(d) functions of two squares functions .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  compute   adjacency
truth:  check   correctness

test:  takes a namedtuple and converts it to dicts .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people following fans user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  rack count = .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   rbac
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   a
truth:  s   s

test:  return a timezone for the given offset .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if w is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   word

test:  test inverse of stc volume .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  io   io
truth:  test   mne

test:  a synonym for internalerror that uses the always library .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  return   check
truth:  called   null

test:  compute l1 norm of the user-specified norm along the angle .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  return   l2
truth:  null   norm

test:  retrieve method name from a method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   method
truth:  turns   a

test:  marks volume type as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   group
truth:  marks   volume

test:  determine whether the given path represents an encrypted file .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  all of the proxy should have a proxy gl * have all the gl gl names .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  backend   backend
truth:  null   class

test:  create flowgrams file .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   build

test:  fetch an identifier by identifier and return the value from the given identifier .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  look   up

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   x
truth:  adds   a

test:  displays the system .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  start   kernel
truth:  run   cmd

test:  returns a random global file object that can be read from a disk .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  generates all the output from the stored plugin .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a sm volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack the parsed repository and return a handle to the session .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  check   check

test:  pack the input data so that it can be used to a single string .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  pack   pack

test:  fix types by name .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  change   converts
truth:  fix   method

test:  extract the user id from disk .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  converts a function into a stream of functions .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  locate   return
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  return the message message message message type .
truth: convert response . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  create candidates for the given inlier/outlier ratio .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  create node positions for g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  simulates   nodes
truth:  create   node

test:  a nice release have a release release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  put to see if none is responding .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   query
truth:  test   test

test:  tries to get the pci address of an undirected address .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  return   query
truth:  get   get

test:  validates overlap for the given doctype .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the network is neighborhood or false if the network parameter is found .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  null   use
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize variational model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   network

test:  show the entry point for a given model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  return   set
truth:  set   set

test:  create media event manager .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  list   media
truth:  return   return

test:  install the latest version of the pip installed virtualenv .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  decorator to indicate that a certain path is a git wrapper .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  file   a
truth:  get   get

test:  the main entry point .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  command   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the collection of the collection was modified .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  reload module references .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  reset   module
truth:  null   version

test:  helper function for simulating xenapi plugin responses to make sure that func is called in a container function .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  function   a
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   simple_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  dump an xml document to a file .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  print   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  create note formset for the unordered formset .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   volume
truth:  create   attachments

test:  wrapper function to return a wrapper that checks the comparison between two n-sized .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine if the bottom of the loop should be in the filled .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  trigger   minimum
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  set the current configuration variables for the current thread cli example: .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  default   windows
truth:  set   a

test:  straight classified for text .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  test   null
truth:  add   syntax

test:  defines prediction score .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   percentage
truth:  null   null

test:  set data to a directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   vispy

test:  convert a string to a string .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  format   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  direct_declarator : id .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   alf
truth:  return   launchd

test:  generic script used to run tests with the right field in the ban .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  trigger   swap
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and return the cpu policy constraints if it exists .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  retrieves   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the name of the timezone associated with the current time zone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection indexes from the y to the beginning of the y line .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parameters virt used for detectors class .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  sort   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  gets the value of a given user .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  get   list
truth:  return   user

test:  for creating a fastq file .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  determines   doctest
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove virtualbox quotes from string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert the given constant or symbol to an ndarray .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  returns   shortcut
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read a requests .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if a given package is a valid vorbis comment cli example: .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  save the certificate on the minion cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  return a query to search for a type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  look   type
truth:  get   a

test:  build appropriate user pages in request .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  identifies   null
truth:  to   try

test:  serializes object .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  return   function
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  synchronize the collection summary of a collection and updates the entity summary .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  publish   update
truth:  null   null

test:  the relu implementation function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  predicate   method
truth:  null   null

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  clone   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  ensure that the os list gets valid .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  password   null
truth:  documents   documents

test:  encodes the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  encodes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if line looks like a code .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  separate   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete traffic server note: the local cache will push the local line .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   null
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic setattr() for the pe record .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the n x matrix as a list .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read a packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  read   attempt
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets from the minion out .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   migrate
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a user from the group .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to markdown .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a list of available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   copy
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a value is a valid integer .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return a list of all folders on the system .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces from faces to the face dictionary .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts any given object to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  make   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return an absolute suite of the given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  test   test

test:  check to see if a service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the given certificate name the name of the certificate to be deleted .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create and create the logger instance to be defined in self for the main record .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  create   wsgi
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for each file in the bzr then we know about the full .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  process   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the distance distance from the distance of a 2-d image .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   validate
truth:  computes   null

test:  escape a string so that it can be used in a shell .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  this script accepts a script and returns a specific app if necessary .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  retry   null
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume volumes in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  returns the coordinate diagonal sum of the matrix .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for a certain stream .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape the value of an object .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  set   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  calculate the mask to use for each value of the image with the mount row .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address are a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  deprecated   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively walk a dictionary with keys and values .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  fixes   replaces
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts arma to end of the harmonic mean .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  click   check
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the absolute path to a resource relative to the same path .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all installed models for all models in all models .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  list   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the dovado media players .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get the file names of the plugin plugins in the directory path .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a list of dictionaries to a tuple .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  given   ids
truth:  given   a

test:  make discovery discovery sdk .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  write   discovery

test:  retrieve the name of a python object by the name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decryption decryption and handle tasks when a task is being created .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  returns   documents
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches a musicbrainz album by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  process   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check that nova is available .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   nova
truth:  check   check

test:  get a user object describing a new user .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  set   a
truth:  ask   user

test:  returns the path to the getmodulename getmodulename .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handler for the response loggers .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a list of users for the user .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   n

test:  create a controlampservice .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function to validating demultiplexed fasta labels input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: checks filepath filepath to match to match the fasta sample checks list of strings tree_subset: tree_subset: tree_subset: filepath input_fasta_fp:
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  serving a python file on a file .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  tests   runs
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a template name for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove duplicate keys from the database .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  duplicate   duplicate
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo remotes platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a random expression with the given number of objects .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  reset the current users log in the database .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture providing the fakewebtab .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  providing   object
truth:  null   null

test:  bincount max labels from a right side of a percent of each labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  used to set the class used in the class to be used when the class is of the class .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return true if symlinks is a valid source_refs name the resource_type file .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  is   check
truth:  to   check

test:  handles a single request .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  exception   create
truth:  handles   a

test:  return a url to use for a file .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a embl handle .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  set the rules used for policy checks .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  converts basestring objects to binary string .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  s   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create an api queue with a sequence of objects or an api level .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  returns   dispatcher
truth:  access   access

test:  calculate the current time else script .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a list of intersection sets of the intersection sets .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  have   mavproxy
truth:  return   return

test:  test that website function works on a repr() count file .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  tests   traceback
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove function from a function call .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  remove   decorator
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert a doing expressions .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  change   change

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects all the translations translations for each host .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete dashboard set and all versions from the dashboard table .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run the login details .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  list   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that all correct errors are correctly .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  test   error
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  launch the checkout branch dialog .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return a data to a postgres server .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  get   null
truth:  send   send

test:  create new non-existing search string .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  joins   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates a path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  create   create
truth:  join   join

test:  get all alarm alarm details cli example: .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  value   a
truth:  value   value

test:  checks that the given column-oriented is a valid argument: desired .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  removes all known client from redis .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   log
truth:  test   test

test:  hex encodes characters for use in a url .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  take   null
truth:  align   a

test:  the input *individuals* the subtracting of the input *individuals* .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  count   encodes
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests whether the proxy is properly penalties with a submission quality .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  provide   test
truth:  if   null

test:  parse the source line .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  nicely the range of this function is very slow .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  format   a
truth:  list   list

test:  data group group all codename group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator to check if a bound method is a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  list policies for the specified policies cli example: .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   options
truth:  list   list

test:  get the list of all the plugins plugins for a specific package .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  return   import
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  rewrite allocations that differ in a amazon downloads .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  inits   null
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  the utc datetime until the session is either a string or the current session .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  null   iterable
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope enable runscope tasks on job tool requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run one or more warnings in the directory .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test mean of row calculate the mean of a row .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  was   l2
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the exchange token response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a pathname .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all available stub service for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding class or factory function .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  lookup   up

test:  context manager for an disabled request .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  computes standard uniform pseudorandom .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  apply   link
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract a fake option object from the parsed object .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flush the user in the bzr database .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  factory function for preprocess multiple comma .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  input   behave
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator to add default function to the serial function .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the estimation such that end up to the docs .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the given html with a float value .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strip   whitespace
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shuts down the server and wait for all cuda cuda .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shuts   statistics
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  coerce x to a string of the specified numpy type .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  null   value
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for the given type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate lines of text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  formats   a

test:  marks a function as being a deprecation warning on the given version .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  matches the correct management system .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  endpoint   user
truth:  run   run

test:  completes html tidy for a given runner .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  run   html

test:  helper method that on the star module .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  invalidates   success
truth:  if   null

test:  division common divisor of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   division
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   distance
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initializes the command line argument .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  init   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  update permissions on the system .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  force   updates
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count the number of non-zero elements of a dataset .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all of the configured user groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  merge all return data from a given job id .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  yield   returner

test:  reads the page from the given file metadata .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  list   function
truth:  read   read

test:  extract and extract multiple inventory from provided json body .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   wrapper
truth:  extract   null

test:  use near-enough for testing .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  error   error

test:  center loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  null   module
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that we can freeze pip escape the same '--all' .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  search   null
truth:  test   pip

test:  process the arguments for a process .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  run   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a some represeting cuts from a string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get networks hosts config by a list of network hosts .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the local ca bundle file .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  simple shared otus .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the graph of the graph .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raises an exception if the input is a valid zipfile .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  function   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper function to get the server id from a given server id or none if not found .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find the sample file to match the sample path .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  return the current pre-amplification policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  decorator to make a function that accept inputs and return something .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  outset the preface gcode text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  given a full string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  inject resource content into aws main page .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   inject

test:  takes a string and a users course mode and returns the users current service .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show all the hosts for this auth .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   trace
truth:  get   a

test:  force the eggs function after each site .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  if   null
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  returns a simple members for the specified group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a new version/file .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  produce a status message for marked based on the given bare error .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   optional
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  returns true if the absolute uri is allowed to filter .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   scheme

test:  apply the linear fact to the fact .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  apply   user
truth:  changes   changes

test:  simple test to test our topic logs .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set le script script in ~/ .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  set   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  return   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize gradient override .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  repeated   mismatches
truth:  quantize   a

test:  returns a filename formatted from a human readable format .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  return   check
truth:  create   a

test:  get a value from the rest server .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sends an http request to a course .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  measure   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  filter the beacon configuration .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  make   factory
truth:  receives   null

test:  regression test for url#issuecomment-101821641 .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  adding   strings
truth:  test   test

test:  add pillar from complex to complex .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  list all available backup for the current service .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  scan   send
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier_list type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a given locale exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  ensures that the request name is in the request .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  if   check

test:  handy the current request url that works as the user .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  server   a
truth:  null   a

test:  ensure that the default module is properly used if it doesnt exist .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  test   user
truth:  patch   patch

test:  ensure requests found in the session are uppercase in another especified header .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  function   controller
truth:  to   actions

test:  check whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  test   check
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a datetime to a unix timestamp .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   probability
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  to   null
truth:  is   null

test:  check if the version of expected arguments are present .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   function
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to get arguments? spec .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  poll stopped on the container .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   wrapper
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates a list of created events and their script in the given directory .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  returns a dict with a document structure for a user .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  link   returns
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  dumps the value as yaml .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  is   dumps
truth:  dump   a

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  least squares multiple lines .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  draw   decorator
truth:  fits   a

test:  this method provides a list of all the formats in the given formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function is used to check if the file is not a valid html parameter .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  if   html
truth:  null   sequence

test:  takes a bandwidth .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  convert an image to a base64 format .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get an search series of arguments connected to a given arguments .
truth: search series . 
test:  null   return
truth:  search   series

test:  generate the set of shape for starting with the provided shape .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  starting   starting

test:  flush the virtual server table cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   null
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a file name return true if the source file name exists .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  application request section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders a template .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  render   example
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that exists with a get request .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  default   view
truth:  return   a

test:  a step to run a test with a given step .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  step   scenario
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for setting up a function or functions that use the execution of an operation .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all instance types for specified filters .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  list   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  urldecode query string .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  the web .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  configure the xml tree for each xml file in markdown .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  bit bit of the number of bits from 0 to represent a bit of integers .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  set the amount of idle time until the restart sleeps .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   whitespace
truth:  set   set

test:  parses xml metadata for xml .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  display breadcrumbs for the breadcrumbs .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  return   one
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a formatted string listing config files for current platform .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  return   null
truth:  test   test

test:  given the ninja build file .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  process   parameters
truth:  targets   targets

test:  update the closing that correspond to the differences of all the consolidate blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  finds   count
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  get settings about the settings of a group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  release   html
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  like the matlab matlab .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representation of an object .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  suppressed suppressed for conversion .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  store   arrays
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require an apache site site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns a list of table arguments that have the given meter .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  move   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a guess of the vertex distribution .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete a folder and its subdirectories .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  checks to see if the given client is enabled .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the rrc822 from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the dovado media players .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for deprecated language .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute a powershell powershell command and return the output of the file located in the registry cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  display   a
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns string value with only of chars satisfying the given regex .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  skip a test if configurations has no datasets .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  generate table of files from the given list of links .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true if address belongs to prefix/plen .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  extract   null

test:  asynchronously allocates ids for given model .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  process the given file .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  verifies   files
truth:  compare   contents

test:  wrapper to create a pprint function that returns the pprint .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  return   value
truth:  print   print

test:  return v1 == v1 == v2 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  returns all the folders under the folder as a folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a scipy array into a 2d array .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   object
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  index   index
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get a single angle from the start and end of a vector3 .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release release release name of installation to run an installation execution version .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  carrier is a log file if its not already set .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint from a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  helper to warn a discarded .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  function   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  view function to mark a spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  reports   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  test that marathon using a mesos test .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  test   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  given a template name .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  checks whether doc is a indirect .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  string   string

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get front lists lists inside the x and add the x intersection width lists .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if file has any line different lines .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  validates that the given ip address meets the host to use as local ip address .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the rank for the rank of a list .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  start   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse the given xml and convert it into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  process   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check that the function outputs outputs are consistent with a distance distance matrix .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  test   image
truth:  null   null

test:  tests file with existing file extension .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   validation
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the user from a http response and returns the appropriate dict .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  find   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  starts   handle
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return a version of versions .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  if   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if a server is available .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cms link for a block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  release the given repo .
truth: release the package . 
test:  evaluate   clone
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a file: path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that the environment changes are configured .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  build   build

test:  run a command and read the output from the output .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  run   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  return a cycle with bcp colors that requires all each colors in the rank with a color sequence .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the hessian version of a point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  produce   filesystem
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the current processs directory is a updateable .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  boolean   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  open a set of functions that are shelve .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  null   open
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the modified time zone as a tzinfo instance .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  modified   get

test:  checks if a string is a valid format name .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  write   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a prefix is not gradient by name .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  test extract_array to be done in successive cases .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   color
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy an object from the given object to a model .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  function   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  validates the status of a connection .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns true if prettify a^2 to apply to the local one .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  test   test

test:  prints usage information .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process with a process access the process .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   user
truth:  kill   kill

test:  converts the given image name into an image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  right join join .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  null   python
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  generate an s3 bucket for the given x^2 .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to choose a package type .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collects a string from the api for the given api .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  null   a
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid in the named pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   function
truth:  analyse   a

test:  load cached file content from disk .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  reading   read
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to skip test the decorated function if panel is false .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  skips   a
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  loads a smbclient auth file .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get a percentage percentage into journal .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  always return false if test is not installed .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   root
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in *value* and returns a try:/except: instance .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   null

test:  create temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  given a job id .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  step   connect
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the release date that can setting this xblocks release for the specified xblock .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorate a function describing an interval .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  registers   decorator
truth:  calls   calls

test:  shows the user about the admin page .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  null   part

test:  used in order to choose a test suite .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  null   a
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the secrets manager used by the secrets database and smb .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is a utility function that tests the case where this is to verify the unit and methods are always be associated with the unit is .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  perform   test
truth:  null   type

test:  checks whether a string is lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  if   null
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  queries a query to a specified query .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  whitelisted   function
truth:  query   query

test:  returns a roads points .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  retrieve   latex
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a set-like etag .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  string   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   package
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   rl_backward_char
truth:  test   test

test:  installs the main application loop .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  point   function
truth:  find   find

test:  list all registered results .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   list
truth:  print   print

test:  clears internal statistics for given document .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  document   document

test:  loads only sample images from tcollectors object if it exists .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the binary crossentropy for the given target .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  null   configure
truth:  compute   compute

test:  mark a module-level configs as deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  input   a
truth:  warn   null

test:  this function is used to parse the url as local for a relative url .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a zero to the native primitive string .
truth: compute np . 
test:  mimic   variant
truth:  compute   np

test:  helper to format a number of zero taken in a phone format .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  input   function
truth:  format   a

test:  copies the complex accuracy to a n-dimensional error .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the movie movie .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  set   pause
truth:  pause   pause

test:  helper function to get the complex part of the expression .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  =   =

test:  computes polynomial sturm over a ring in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  parses xml string in the user for the given xml element .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a specific s cli example: .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  list   a
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file at the given address to the local address .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a figure for the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  validate the configuration .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  display   wrapper
truth:  get   a

test:  set some user headers as json .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  retry   null
truth:  set   set

test:  add a a server:port cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that will set the jinja line in a context .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  wraps a config file asking the configured config if first config exists .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  show   replaces
truth:  loads   a

test:  get a group types for a group by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   group

test:  returns the current the currently disable instance .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   return

test:  build a python script for use with callers and closing .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  build   options
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  tests whether a reasonable represents a mkl one of the mkl polynomial .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   decorator

test:  builds the network associated with provided ip address string .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  converts   str
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of files that can be used to compress the system from the system .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve an object and a resolver .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a theano class from the day .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  decorator to ensure the test ref is being used .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  create a new site directory .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   uses
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg draft registration draft draft draft '{}/{} and corrects draft registration challenge :return: registrations registrations registrations registrations registrations registrations .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  migrate   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  takes a list of tuples that is the main limits of the given sequence .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  get   get

test:  check that the kernel file exists .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  registers   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the path to the vmlinux vmlinux .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  add a pathname into a single file pathname .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  name   name

test:  transform the hot action into a single hot .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test rendering mri browser .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   loading
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get bevel rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to do an expression operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  expand   order
truth:  write   null

test:  converts the given number of strings into a human-readable string .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  return   null
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator which causes bare user to be used for an instance .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  get a filename .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns the class class of the string .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a pyc object .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  load   try
truth:  read   read

test:  insert duck search for a given query .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  providing   inline
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from a estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  create   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  handler for message output .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  log   errors
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the given function is loaded on the qutebrowser .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  produces   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  replaces the index size with the given size .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  force   msg
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the xmodule entry from the xmodule package points for a xmodule .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  in a complete request .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns a copy of the given object .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   activation
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  defines the inception v3 method .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  create a new server certificate with curve curve .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  find   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  unpacks the given vector with the given vector .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  takes   unpack
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  converts cdao to a long integer .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the popularity value for the given obj .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   get
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  return a list of all models with specified attribute .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  null   null
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a list of filters filters that are given .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  to   a
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and having angle angle angle angle if its a line through and having angle t1 where and having
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch a given pid file into the given pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name can be parsed back to its original folders .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters out kwargs for passing kwargs .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  encode string to extension .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  encode   data
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return module version or none if name does not exist .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   imports
truth:  module   module

test:  show users home directory .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  change   wsgiapplication
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that the given path exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  finds all files within a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   feature
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  test whether the url matches the provided endpoint .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  generates samples to render a set of points .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns a :class:session for a datacenter model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  if the current user is less than one of the desktop .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  accepts   check
truth:  return   return

test:  insert a tool_dependency event in a document .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  destroy   update
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  extracts description and features features for enhance folders .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  determines   information
truth:  using   null

test:  helper function that instantiates a function after a function .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  stack   a
truth:  return   a

test:  see :meth: .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   a

test:  tests which are generated in the given test .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  find   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the output of the generated encoding in the argument encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the complex with each component the minimum of the other edges .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if we are using an presented instance .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add path from the path to the path indexes and ylist .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix with all elements of the matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is valid .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  removes all of the incron for the specified user cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  write   return
truth:  writes   null

test:  load the static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  returns   fixture
truth:  content   content

test:  log a request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write text in text to encoding .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   text
truth:  text   text

test:  sanitize the sab table .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to fetch a url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  fetch   url
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates basic args for command-line arguments .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  throws   null

test:  make some change to a deployment deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  make   null

test:  get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an ipv6 address .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  test if the first argument of initialized for initialized in initialized .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print the output of the given text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   like
truth:  print   print

test:  generates the django arks config .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  update   a

test:  a view that returns error message .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   error
truth:  view   view

test:  like wsgiref .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new decimal instance .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  add a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  deletes   service
truth:  delete   a

test:  wait for a list of the available dependencies and returns a new instance .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  run   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compute gaussian structure with gaussian structure .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests translator with a column .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   toggle
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  logs a context with the given log string .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  compare   s
truth:  set   set

test:  run a approximate operation on all clients .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  map   map

test:  read in the certificate separated by a given certificate .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  compute   use
truth:  extract   info

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   test
truth:  url   url

test:  save a session to disk .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns a registered fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return system disk usage in a system as a namedtuple .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  returns   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  validate google search .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  serialize the stream to a stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  stream   args
truth:  print   print

test:  simple wrapper to unify one speaker at a time .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  the effect of the test .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  the inverse of the given element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   checking
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents and number .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  loads a notebook from the given resources .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  null   system
truth:  prepare   null

test:  set labels on the instance .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  assumes and returns the desired state defined in the config .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   create
truth:  take   parameters

test:  stochastic updates the dividing learning up with the moving average expressions .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a synchronization wrapper function for the provided type .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  svg a gcode linear move file or gcode text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escape a string so that it can be used as different characters in a startdatetime fashion .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   function
truth:  escape   escape

test:  use git backend to set the backend .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  to   strategy
truth:  link   a

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  loads the given template from the given template .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  rows   a
truth:  return   return

test:  print the value of the nest nest server .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   ret

test:  wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the main function as being invoked when exception suppressed .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  runs   runs

test:  simplified all the pattern in the running dir .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  reading   map
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix b: a theano expression returns the elementwise product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  calculate the simultaneous matlab function .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  make sure the given value is a valid integer .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the repr() base url .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test the custom inverse of custom inverse statistics when the child of the inverse cases are passed .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  extract metadata metadata from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a machine and a sql header name .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a new array with lu lu decomposition from a given array .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  helper function for llvm nocopy reshape .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return a partial protocol from a url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a route handler that marks the current regex regex .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  prints   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to extract the versions from the version repository .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   wrapper
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns the model checkpoint directory checkpoint for the given experiment experiment model available .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  creates   directory

test:  decorator to convert a request to a hypervisor/os/architecture object .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  given   a

test:  reshape the sequence to nested lists .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  given   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  create a new right header from a fits file .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  log   function
truth:  get   get

test:  given a numeric tensor .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  time   function
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  test a 3d wcs .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  test   i
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a user .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  convert an s3 key to a uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the cumulative sum of a sequence .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  sum   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  matches a regexp and returns the output .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  text   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the weekdays integer number of a month .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  returns   adjust
truth:  produces   a

test:  return a declarative base class instance .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns all unfulfilled milestones for the given course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  null   api

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  rank   rank

test:  convert text to an integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a date in the format of a date format .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   variant
truth:  parse   parse

test:  indent text or a number of text lines .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  text   quote
truth:  given   indent

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds the query in a sequence of non-zero values from seq .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  show   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  display a list of home updates for a user .
truth: home page . 
test:  give   shows
truth:  null   page

test:  user can run a base page with appropriate base .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make a string representation of a yaml ansible object .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  verbose   a
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get current scale scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the current uid id for a user id .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  called by the _inherit process .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shuts   djangos
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  reload module as certificate .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  selected   commands
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator which applies django caching to a function .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  null   return
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create an openstack secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the piggy sensor platform .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculate the fletcher checksum for a given offset .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  converts   binary
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to save as a filename .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  return a path should always be passed as any of the given nonexistent .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  test   return
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der object .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  generate an int to create an intersection tree .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  demonstrates   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the default encoding used by review board .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  file   file

test:  return value forced within range or high value .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  if   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable metrics for one or more enhanced monitoring .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   users
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  type delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  plot the default day summary of the given plot .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the evaluated dictionary .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of fields .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  get   a
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  returns the emailmessages directory of the appropriate .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  find a log matrices of a list of log bits .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  a 404 error handler .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  is   test
truth:  test   test

test:  removes a package from a module .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  unload   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  removes duplicates from all root tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  like   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  update a notification about the given host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup client .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  setup   logging
truth:  set   up

test:  compile a string using double quotes .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  match a 2-tuple in the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  null   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get list of flags for a user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  flags   flags

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  execute   one
truth:  run   one

test:  converts a paypal datetime to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   relu
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a string into a dns message object .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances for the given module and version .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   gradient

test:  a signal receiver which updates the last login login .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  signal   handle
truth:  to   null

test:  handler for database; the background topomap .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  records   traffic
truth:  color   channels

test:  try to find a package in a given global namespace .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   import

test:  determine if the current rpc method is in use .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the given interface is a router interface .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  generate multiple dicts .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  list   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  this function takes a list of emails and implement them to access to the objects list in the segments that are injected list .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  builds   utility
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a batch of targets for the given transport .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a single file .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  pull   load
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns the diffchunkgenerator class used for generating chunks .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  decides whether a function exits in an vxlan call .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the firstset angle are the same .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop off a sequence .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test the simplest transformation from altaz to altaz .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   backend
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  insert   insert

test:  decorate a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  null   a

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  prefix   use
truth:  to   null

test:  returns string unicode characters that are useful for a given string .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  makes sure the object passed in looks like a list of objects .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  object   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  create a single 2samples .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  function   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get a description of the string .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  run   current
truth:  request   worker

test:  determine if server address were given or can be listed in config .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  given an image .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  create a new v} client object .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  executes a list of paths in a remote server .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  sets   interface
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns the type name for a type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a network network_id network_id id of network to remove network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  inspect   volume
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns a string with all lines stripped by a word .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the path to the operating system .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the type class for a given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  list   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert an app key from __namespace__ keys .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  tests that the different score can be set and that it is passed to the process .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  find   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of inter-community edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interface for the given instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   osquery_registry
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calling calling an object should not return a pretty-print object .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  passed   git
truth:  following   following

test:  given a yaml stream .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a new task with the given request .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  update   update

test:  callback function to run a bokeh active config file .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  check whether the user has a access to the current user .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  checks   cache
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  verifies whether the two arrays are equal .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  make   null

test:  reset a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the number of seconds to a commit directory .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  null   null

test:  escape a parameter for inclusion in a collection of html .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  null   versions

test:  completely clears the grains .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  open   utility
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add a prefix to the reboot .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to convert a dictionary to a unix timestamp .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generates batches of batches of inputs of batches and labels .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   batches

test:  find the corpus that will represent the current sentence .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the qapplication qapplication to use when the qapplication qapplication .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  to   change
truth:  change   change

test:  run a bash shell command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  if   a
truth:  run   a

test:  compute the numeric assortativity matrix .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return information about a certificate in cert_file remains cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a subclass of unicode .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  starts the rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  return   start
truth:  start   start

test:  checks the difference between two lists of bytes .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find the id or name for a module .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  a decorator to ensure that the user be logged in .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  call   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent name the name of the tenant to remove tenant the name of the tenant to remove .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  plot data as a dataset .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  generate   image
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the value of the chars in the given numba fact .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the specified service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  simple string to use the given string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  locate a the execution module in the registry .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate weekly and weekly downloads .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  null   read
truth:  update   update

test:  normal part of the parametric denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   risch
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw byte string into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make a call to the --junit-xml dir .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   module
truth:  msg   msg

test:  cancels sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  clean out options and returns them .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  fake   host
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   list
truth:  perform   one

test:  parse filename and build a page list .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  dictionary   return
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the token ending with a invalid version .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  null   check
truth:  reject   reject

test:  returns the name of this package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  package   null
truth:  get   get

test:  imports a ctypes library .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  load   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds an existing suggestion to a user .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  calls   tests
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   images
truth:  null   null

test:  saves the model to the current model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  returns the output of the hosts sld for the current request .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  returns   domain
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get and return capabilities .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   cluster

test:  checks that the version of the valid version is a valid version string or not installed .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  document add .
truth: new document form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  executes the given virtualnics query for this minion cli example: .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  compute the block from a data structure .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  =   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   run
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw spm with spm .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  runs the test sdk tests using the gae module .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  code   a
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  get translate matrix and delete the translate attributes .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  needs   geometry
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  print a summary showing the total 100 .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  print   print
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the n-th nnls .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  compute   utility
truth:  solve   solve

test:  delete tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  returns all submodules associated with a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  query the list of tuples of a resource from the user .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  test whether a function is an integer .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to retrieve all packages which to run supervisorctl as specified flags: flags: file name of property facts cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  set   output
truth:  run   facter

test:  helper to get a string of vat numbers .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  normalizes   crud
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download a resource from the database .
truth: download a file . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   a

test:  take a snapshot by stores it to a snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  invoke   a
truth:  take   a

test:  get the evaluated line .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator which specifies that the decorated function has the real attribute of the decorated function to be a bokeh model class .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   conversion
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross huge function .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  null   position
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  add a new tensor to the sparse tensor with the same arguments .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test -tuples d convert a unit unit minfo .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert nxn to a number of samples with a single nxn height .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  multivariate   read
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test that the inverse of the mapping list gets added to a row .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  check   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns edges of a minimum spanning spanning forest in a weighted graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  generate   edges

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd using inner algorithm .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  add given stl fill text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns the number of inputs x in x .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  return   like
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of functions and stderr if a given name is not none .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  locate   wrapper
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a quartiles for the same surface .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produces   null

test:  find a realm entity for a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  tristar pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   baby

test:  takes a list of mappings for display data for the axes .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check user .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a json file and return a json python data structure .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  parse   decode
truth:  behave   behave

test:  builds a list of all isnt isnt a given file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  grab   read
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generates the line graph for all orders in the graph g .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  to   function

test:  add a list of pagination entries to the list of pagination redirects .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  create   html
truth:  show   show

test:  kill a namespace with the given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  stop   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  given a module name .
truth: in apps . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only vm after vm .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   verifies
truth:  create   create

test:  restores the database to a set of subfolders .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  invalidates   a
truth:  restore   restore

test:  return a hadoopcli client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive chunks from list l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  splits   split
truth:  list   list

test:  a function defining the signer class out of the oauth function in place .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  func   null
truth:  lay   null

test:  helper function for eliminating vouches .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  search   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of the platform name .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate bearing from features .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   bearing

test:  return the alias .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a native string .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   in

test:  allow view to enforce path on this node .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  generate   none
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to generate the ansible group group group group .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  time   info
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert a space to a string of spaces .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of dictionaries .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  make a string from a datetime object .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  function   a
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  detach the current key for a given user .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  normalize   in
truth:  make   null

test:  implement function to do a sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   element

test:  convert string to list of array .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a decorator that makes the sale doesnt alter the git closed of a single object .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  return the position of the dataset value in theano .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  creates   percentage
truth:  given   current

test:  return the user that owns a given file or directory of the given file this function was previously followed cli example: .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  run a test on a file .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the receipt time for the given object .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  join   method
truth:  reissues   null

test:  checks that the provided value is a valid integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  returns the directory name and the hashfn hash value .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert samples to file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  used to mark a method as a list of requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  list   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports from url - used by skill - used for imports on profile tags - used by skill .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  null   populate
truth:  to   controller

test:  creates a new wsgi field definition .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   print
truth:  like   like

test:  try to run a linux distribution and return information on the minion cli example: .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  list   information
truth:  return   return

test:  normalize the given attribute name and convert it into the corresponding terminal type .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  catch   handle
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes a sigterm sigterm file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  set the name of the package .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  unified   compression
truth:  show   show

test:  stack stack trace of an array .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  clears   warning
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple alias from table .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  decorator to get an existing response .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   send

test:  read a pcap file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   a
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a user client which the user is active to use for plotly api requests .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write a trees in single-line format to a file in the given format .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   elements
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get a specific members group cli example: .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   group

test:  generate a json file containing a json file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  generate a given built-in string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the reparse data for windows windows .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  decorate a function so timings will be called upon seconds .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  prevents   null

test:  returns string that represents md5 mesos mesos to utf-8 encoded using utf-8 .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  retrieve   validate
truth:  get   get

test:  return a copy of the string passed in the lowest string .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   float
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a raw window .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  consume the given socket .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  print   create
truth:  consume   messages

test:  return the instructions conflict .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   drop
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  start mapper callable for all handlers .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  return true if filename seems to be a test directory .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  otherwise draw and increment draw .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  compute   network
truth:  draw   null

test:  a decorator to ensure a response has the expected status .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  look   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  tries to tries to parse action in ranges .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the version of the next class that are being used to perform .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  code   null
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab maker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   class
truth:  return   a

test:  restores a resource from the filesystem .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  close   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes function that returns an ogr sequence .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  return the utility structuring element in a given path .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  find   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the inputs of two inputs of inputs the inputs are identical .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  if   in

test:  like float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip ansi sequences from source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  strip   case
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  test whether g is a biconnected graph .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  find the path where the path refers to a python path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   a
truth:  file   file

test:  helper function to parse a requirements in a requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  iterates   lines
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 double unicode counterpart .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  null   apostrophe
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints a list of records .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  get   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  given the name of the app .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  given   null

test:  checks whether the dna given types are the same .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate random screen for the script .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  filter the supplied cluster in a cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  reboot   include
truth:  include   include

test:  return the current error code .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  null   form
truth:  error   error

test:  extracts a list of choices thats thats to an integer .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  get   null
truth:  select   null

test:  converts a string argument to a subclass of text .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves all the users from the network device cli example: .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  configured   null

test:  returns a pci requests from flavor based on the flavor .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  uses   return
truth:  get   get

test:  start babysitter .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  start   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies the sortoptions into a searchparams query object .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   fields

test:  pass in javascript_code dict and stores non environment variables that recursively recursively set .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable the use of multiprocess to parse the http error output .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  start   profiling
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns the value of a gaussian distribution .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  tuple   return
truth:  null   values

test:  checks if the current system is in a loop .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  opens a new skeiniso matrix .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  function   encodes
truth:  stripping   null

test:  adapt a runtime blob from a uri to a tuple .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  adapt   null
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create the contract creation for a left creation .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  create   xml
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test unless a test is true .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  returns the response body from the href href .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set the output of the output .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  output   set
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if folder is hidden as hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that modifies the user auth before a remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get local s3 image represented by id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  adds two theano scalars together and y to x .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  handles the temporary directory if were given .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  downloads   names
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ensure that the threading limit are created correctly .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import a dotted module path and return the attribute/class designated by the dotted name in the dotted class .
truth: source: django . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   django

test:  test sets up a stubs .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  scans   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a list of table names .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  sorts   table
truth:  format   items

test:  simple wrapper of demo .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  simple test for reproducible .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if fits in a fits file .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute a generalized chinese for the permutation of a polynomial .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  create   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns a decorator for views that require a group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks the given node .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a random communities sequence of community sizes .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  override an object from a configuration dict .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  find   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  searches for a query with the specified backslash based on the provided query .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  find   null
truth:  use   database

test:  reset data to a new index .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary of all the user names of an aws user .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  walk the user defined by the different known calls .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  make a dummy request for use by the ccx api .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write data to the device .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   minimum
truth:  write   null

test:  view to registered user about registered email address .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  view   view

test:  removes the string for the specified output .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  output   output

test:  returns a boolean reflecting the list of values .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  serialize the given element to a string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  make a suite for needing a resource name .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes a regularization cost for a given penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper to create a variable initialized with a shape and returns it .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  creates   options
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last focused focused window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the available light platform .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a content-type like <ctrl-x> header .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  enabled   null
truth:  if   null

test:  fetch an archive by url .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  download   download

test:  return true if the object is an abstract generator function .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  build a 405 build for a createinstance according to the experienced app .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  -   endpoint
truth:  null   webhook

test:  receives the input data from the user for display .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test spans override from the spans .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   span

test:  add a new batch to the batch of the given service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  trigger   a
truth:  add   a

test:  stores entities from the given model and time them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  get the parsed parameters from the parsed term .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  turn   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return the function size of a partial function .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  func   func

test:  parse the page to a remote file .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  parse   lift
truth:  detects   null

test:  this test is a bug that matches correctness with a user .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  save   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  create a new root root window for each project .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  required   fake
truth:  create   a

test:  bins intervals for the programs data .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fit one or several svd for attach to the svd .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  fit   categorical
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  determines if the name of a reserved name .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the string for display to a geojson-suitable version .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the logistic regression problem measure .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  note   note

test:  converts the given string containing a snakecase object to a snakecase value .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  store_false and defines hashed failure .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  tests   checks
truth:  test   test

test:  sends message to the status .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  converts a unicode string .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  unpack   uses
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to guess the attribute name .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   use
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  computes the gauss-hermite quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  returns   univariate
truth:  computes   null

test:  compute sigmoid sigmoid .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   commutators
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  write   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns the data usage of a given target usage size .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  returns   tokens
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  convenience function for setting the plugins in a nice test .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  update   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  cancel all the alerts command line installation .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  stream   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add a profile plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  scrub   a
truth:  add   a

test:  disable metrics for monitoring .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  wrapper for multiset_partitions_taocp .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  tab-completion: the value of an instance which can be made in a given instance .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check if the required dependencies are present .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get triangle mesh from derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the indices with feature weights normalized .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a term node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return an event object suitable for the named node .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   geometry
truth:  return   return

test:  show a 10-tuple .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  db   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a path to a users storage instance .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   function

test:  download a package at a given module name .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  retrieve all next ids of a user ids .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wraps the param param in salt service .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  write the entire text of a file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  file   null
truth:  write   a

test:  get an releases object linked to a musicbrainz track .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  search   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise truth value of a tensor .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   return
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach a node .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  expand   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one string from a binary string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   one

test:  test that the subsequent module is present .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  returns   redirects
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a generator of nodes that match the setup in the setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  walk   gcd
truth:  yield   path

test:  parse a test file to a unittest module .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  input   null
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a link to the resource .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  link   link
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  tests whether the current transaction has been created .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  if   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset a development environment for all given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  query   query

test:  return the content of the script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to deny as long as the response doesnt already have that its response code as long as
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  a helper to determine if multiple type is a string .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  turn on formatted logger .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  logging   setup
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the matrix exponential of taylor kronform .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  normalize case of a text .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  null   module
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the hash used to store the git command .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  given a condition .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  input   function
truth:  return   a

test:  parse dhcp configuration string according to the response .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  return   replaces
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a signed message for a google api .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  convert the entire gridsize integer to an integer .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  expand   command
truth:  return   return

test:  returns task output description file output .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  output   iterator
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return true if filename looks like a bad file .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  if   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option with vpc options lookup by vpc id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  inspect   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create a verifier to use when creating a key .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  override this function for tests to run a test with a fake error .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  package   package

test:  update a table metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   stats
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  capa the template string to load and down the tree .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  rendered   a
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture that ensures a temporary dataset is deleted .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for memoizing the recurrence plot .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  list all the mounts on this minion cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the mysensors service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  host   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mostly for caching compatibility .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  index   a
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  retrieve an :class: .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a scenario .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc def .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd of a ring in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  to   try

test:  a placeholder equality to make the bokeh object a .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  format   a

test:  notify usage for a given volume .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  notify   send
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  return   return

test:  displays the code in the code that a strategy will be returned in a dictionary of strategy .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   wrapper
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the template .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  build a file path for test data .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  given   path
truth:  return   a

test:  if the motion temporarily calculate the input reader .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  -   translate
truth:  process   process

test:  get a string to use with total user@host .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new key that can be used to cache the result in a request to a cache .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  make   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the metric of the graph g .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  extract a message from a given tags .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  google google cloud groups with an displaying security zone .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  create   create

test:  locate a file in one of the given file mode .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  locate   a

test:  calculate the replicates set of n or n if n is given .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   part
truth:  return   return

test:  create a list with a sorted resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   tags
truth:  create   new

test:  helper function to get a message .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  null   null

test:  notify user about expand expand mode .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a context .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  return   level
truth:  set   set

test:  documents the resource action with the given resource action .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   a
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add x loop with intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   add

test:  load a single image .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  find   outputs
truth:  creates   a

test:  creates a topicsread topics .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a parser for the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true if running on proxy .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  helper function to translate the exception if the given locale is enabled .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  return   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci devices allocated to a node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to compile the source file .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  like   str
truth:  execute   a

test:  sets the messages for the current request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  set   power
truth:  sets   sets

test:  imports a module name like foo .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  module   module

test:  network decoding using the next network .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require english test .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   format
truth:  require   null

test:  returns an instance of our trace with the current trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  return   get
truth:  given   a

test:  get the current movie handler handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   get

test:  step 1b takes a vowel and returns the next 1b .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  performs   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends notification to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  read   messages

test:  returns a bool for the stub release .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a linear regression problem with a linear regression problem .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  solves   count
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  compute a string of the digest of a text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  create   create

test:  converts the given value into a template .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  take a value of units and return it .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  convert a path name into a byte path .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  get   use
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator to mark a function as an api method - implementing implementing callback .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  asserts that the http server matches the expected response .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  prime prime number of integer n in a positive integer .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  converts   encodes
truth:  use   use

test:  delete all dictionaries found in the operation based on the operation .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  reconstruct   ip
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compiles a raw source code .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  imports and returns the driver module .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   null
truth:  import   a

test:  a no-op migration for marking the grizzly release .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  time   decorator
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  the main redirects for item .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  return   index
truth:  find   find

test:  add a intercept panel to a given panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   column

test:  transform to lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  prepend   a

test:  largest integer to hashable .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all files in the provided directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where the whole edge should be less than the same name .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns the contents of a file as a byte string .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   path

test:  convert a time in epoch into seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  detect if the node list has an alias .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  backend   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  calculates the square root .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  tristar pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   pattern

test:  decorator to check if the argument is a classic task .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  create a job of nodes that python-markdown be processed .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  null   a
truth:  starts   a

test:  provides a string for the user provides a slot .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  start   null
truth:  display   a

test:  execute the all the tests on the master or failure cli example: .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  initiate   course
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the program provided it exists and is on the system .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  group elements of user-cfg examples .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decodes a jpeg file and returns a tuple .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   helper
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   is_default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the aaq languages for the given request .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  make sure the user is up to the app engine .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  returns the value of the value - useful for the value - if not none .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  to   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 with lines joining .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  waits for the assertion to be handled by a process .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  calls   calls

test:  remove a ccx from a ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  function   a
truth:  context   context

test:  imports a message given its name and returns the message .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  load   attempt
truth:  to   try

test:  verify if the value of valid categorical are valid .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  returns   assert
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator quoted version of (of to finish .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  retry   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop the given server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  put   a
truth:  create   a

test:  cli a query .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  process   entry
truth:  null   information

test:  return the string with whitespace removed .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  null   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  determine if a given service is available .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a set of services that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  internal function to run the unrar command .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   array
truth:  uses   rar

test:  checks that the first line is valid .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  merge left sorted list into a single sorted list .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  given a theme plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   plugins

test:  computes l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid id the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  make the code at the given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether the possible code is a leading code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper function to create the p-value offset .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  turn   position
truth:  offset   offset

test:  returns the url to use for a github api .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   path
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the overlap points .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a list .
truth: close indices . 
test:  indices   snapshots
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the trimmed mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates a user account with the provided username and password .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test multi interpolation .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   encodes
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper method to determine if all matches in the given pattern .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get event manager from media player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  null   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get the percentage of the current connceting .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a vm .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  mark a function as being automatically loaded the context for a certain method .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test the figure with a random creation .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  close a package from the input package and applies it to a stack .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  close   a
truth:  close   close

test:  get the string with the given line and add the given line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks whether accented is a poles matrix and taylor .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  check that dist is a string .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  if   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start tomcat for the module: - remove tempdir - adds dummy thread .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  push a repos to the given remote .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  deserialize   null
truth:  push   push

test:  test to ensure default when file is created .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   test

test:  function converts an expression to binary string .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  timings_out is a string and format bars .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  to   a
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return only those darkened of reshape: reshape(vector .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for returning a list of available items .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up common test cases in the scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  sets   directories
truth:  set   set

test:  create a list of tuples .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   shortcut
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   entire
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns a string induced of the graph g .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery on the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  stop   returns
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses to unicode .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  here x has a media .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of files changed for all files in the output .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable paging on the output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  returns a list of idle values of all webpack in the given language .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the request account .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   a
truth:  account   account

test:  issue #1150: test .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  if   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return the name of the activation member by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  returns   retry
truth:  return   activation

test:  parses a given mapping file with optional comments .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  make sure the crash given crash are not in the console .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  do   null

test:  load collectors from all collectors .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  module   null
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   inequality
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  if user is an subscription on a node .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  get   get

test:  see if the object has been added .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  applies   pass
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add group add a role .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  cast   reduction
truth:  null   deviation

test:  ensure a entry_points entry_points is deleted and the vswitch are not defined .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  flattens   a
truth:  create   a

test:  raises a warning if all the tests are not a users .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   print
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  build the arguments from the user .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  build   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 with lines joining .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  helper to generate a random color color that does not exist .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   numeric

test:  convenience function for nouns the right portion of a python code object .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run repost .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  edit   timeout
truth:  null   null

test:  update the number of seconds with the given gildings object .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  null   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function for windows/posix-non-utf .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  creates   calls
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  return the full name for the specified package name .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  retry_count   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  enable output to stdout and stderr .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  logging   convenience
truth:  enable   console

test:  returns the gif api key for the given vm .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  do   documentation
truth:  returns   dict

test:  only execute a pem password .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  handle   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against postgres .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  convert string to unicode .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of relationship for the specified user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  tests   try
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return the lower bound bound for a given matrix .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  produce a join of a expression: key .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  join   join

test:  function for a formstyle table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   null
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  create a numpy array with the right coordinates .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  error   in
truth:  creating   test

test:  helper to ignore code that are not part of a given code .
truth: check if options . 
test:  ignore   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  executes command .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  run   command
truth:  execute   null

test:  main section of the program .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  function   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  parse html from a string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y:: read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  runs pending pending question .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  enter   null
truth:  run   run

test:  pass the correct image through post-processing rois and rois .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  color   null
truth:  project   image

test:  return the geometry in the minion cli example: .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   work
truth:  list   list

test:  return the elasticsearch elasticsearch instance for the given twisted .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  download   paths
truth:  return   a

test:  install ssl options .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  a generic wsgi adapter certificate for single server .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  create   windows
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates a new user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  -   metric
truth:  do   randomly

test:  returns true if the current request is a beta version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to a time .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  make evoked data with a set of mnist sizes .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  evoked   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for docstring not use space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the url of a thumbnail alias .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  if   source
truth:  return   return

test:  reachable tester to the ignore drive norm of each operation in a selected state .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   adjust
truth:  process   process

test:  implements the common for beginning .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a simple actual user tags and get a list of child tags .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return the difference between 0 and y matrix .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  returns   arg
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a new sqla object .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  address   hosts
truth:  set   up

test:  convert from converting timestamp to a json timestamp .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   no
truth:  test   test

test:  make a sample app with an application .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  used   null
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  a customized lock to write multiple records to a rabbitmq file .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  lock   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package version .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  converts a single string to a /usr/share/doc/ operator .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  like   format
truth:  formats   a

test:  string = int2ap .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if g is a independent set in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  imports the class by name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  load   attempt
truth:  module   module

test:  formats items in a string .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  makes a function with xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote data in a python string .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  multiply   function
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the word .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test that a defined gpu can be defined in the defined interface .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  makes a color from the passed table .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  function   image
truth:  build   a

test:  update the latest review reviews for a region .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  null   ip
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a datetime object to a unix timestamp .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  time   return
truth:  convert   http

test:  rest controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper to fetch the image at the specified url .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the specified request .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets all fixed ips for a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email email for user .
truth: change users email . 
test:  allow   group
truth:  change   users

test:  push a field onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns a function with the right key for the specified user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use an etag_func() that returns a view as a mounted view .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  fetches a list of all configured ports cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  install   install

test:  handler to catch the given request .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  receives   exception
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable service on the service cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  force   magnitude
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  tests whether two linking url includes the same commit part of the url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  a replacement for calculating a running loss from the csf .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a new event on the database .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   session

test:  check if the docstring is inside a docstring .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  make   html
truth:  entries   entries

test:  this function returns a single salt keys that are supplied to the host .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  returns   key
truth:  get   one

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns the terminal size and integer corresponding to the given fallback .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  time   compute
truth:  get   get

test:  module function for tests that require the known validator .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  locate   function
truth:  determine   null

test:  find and return inclusion_one_param if successful .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   run
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of the users that are currently installed in the given name .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of requested data .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  set   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   encoder

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to log the message .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  logs   comparisons
truth:  log   log

test:  permutes axes in a tensor .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  return   x
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  horizontal reconstruction on an edge should be a zero line .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   color
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  accept   helper
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt a data with the private key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  given   null

test:  convert utf-8 encoding to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  collect static files in the static file .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  update   update
truth:  generate   a

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests translator comments are stored and synced .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  store   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the root container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  generate   temporary
truth:  create   create

test:  select the absolute test of a pathname .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  file   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  view to actually reset writers .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test female handling .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  have   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set a specific configuration variable cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   system

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  list   validate
truth:  -   -

test:  return a json id of the given job id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a sparse matrix triples on a theano shared variable triples .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  recursively unpack keys and values in a dictionary .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  decodes   sort
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the window registry for the application registry .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run the test as sure the default []} has been defined .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  load   delete
truth:  create   a

test:  check the icrs method for integer such that the right degree of nan .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if a header parsed parsed syntax is given .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the subcorr for the nodes in the graph .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  creates a simple variable .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for creating a compiler parameter in the insert .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the zipline root root directory .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   root
truth:  get   get

test:  collect a dictionary from a single page .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   links
truth:  read   a

test:  strip irc formatting from string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  submit submit with given roles .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  setup   name
truth:  if   null

test:  colorize the message to the gettext .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of intersections for all models in the given app .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add the manifest for the latest extension and updates the manifest .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event with the hipchat log output .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  return   event
truth:  send   send

test:  this function *individual* *individual* on the input node .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  emulate   randomly
truth:  replaces   a

test:  returns the configuration directory .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of the python platform to display .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the values in the chunk of length a list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the number of interval config to use .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  is   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   permissions
truth:  require   a

test:  returns the list of symbol as a busy busy .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  null   dependencies
truth:  sample   rss

test:  tests that the suggestion simplify a suggestion on a permissions" .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  test   setting
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a new exception for an lltd instance .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  register   entity
truth:  null   null

test:  add faces from melded loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   pillar
truth:  add   pillar

test:  checks if a address is a throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  list an osd cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   read
truth:  list   list

test:  calculates a positive integer ensures that it will take a positive integer as a string using the following type .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the complete entry name .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  func   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  get the current interface name of the interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  return the current service name .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  function   return
truth:  block   block

test:  compute the weighted objective objective function for the given axis .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  compute   loss
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check if anime is anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  create an imagefont google cloud credentials from configuration .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  listen   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user if he is logged in .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   function
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return system boot time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   system
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a queue exists cli example: .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  run the config file through the default gui environment if everything is not already in this file .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  list tasks of a task .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  processes   search
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   plaintext
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  returns the base url for a url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified 'brshow' should be profiles .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check that a regression test if the right distance is many .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given name .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  checks the homogeneity type to make sure the homogeneity is in the addition .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the training average response .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a string representation of the format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the path to a test file .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  to   version
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generate a temporary temporary file name that is not opened to provide a temporary file and then be decorated with a temporary file name .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  import a module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  like   like

test:  complete request object mixing in request .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper function used to construct a money currency currency .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  patch patches .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  returns the inputspace tree for a ring or the sha256 date .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  flattens   files
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the given file obj .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version of the version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   a
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  inserts text into a multiline string .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  inserts   utility
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if a string contains any of the given word .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new block mapping entry .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert a string to a native string .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns an pimap object that takes one or more worker member and sets the worker .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the result of an object for given user/group method .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  print help options .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  command   a
truth:  help   help

test:  a decorator raising a wsgi application if it doesnt exist .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  gets   response
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a terminal eventloop in the number of arguments .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  colorize mongo .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  repack a dictionary to a single string .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  user provider provider how to run once when a user has been modified .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  signal   function
truth:  null   handler

test:  reverse the above image of the given image .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  check the file to see if the process has a preferred line .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  download   remove
truth:  if   check

test:  generates an identity url .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  to   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the row and a row row .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  find   tuple
truth:  returns   a

test:  get list of boot options from the user .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  get   prefix
truth:  get   current

test:  return an array of iterator over the iterator .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the path to the sql name in the current repo name .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  print out the currently :func:authenticated configuration .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  determine   entity
truth:  check   check

test:  create a new application instance from the given image name .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  create   format
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  helpful count lines to become the number of objects .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over all the progress widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  block   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all computenodes .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   table
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate unique uuid .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score for the given data .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   output
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) on the mail queue cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  put   put

test:  clean out any temporary assets from the unit test .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  delete   build
truth:  built   remove

test:  return the function with the current stack .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the verisure platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test creating the adding new one created at the bottom of the adding .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  check   check

test:  check if object is a pair of objects .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  ensure the correct type exactly the given validation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   base
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default list of all the element in this list .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  default   a
truth:  return   a

test:  condense floating points to the css css .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  null   string
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export json file .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns a module list to use in the given app .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  download all the workflows workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  download   email
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  async version of incremented/decremented .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  update the configuration in a configuration dictionary .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  fetch the boundary value for the position: events .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  declares some flag whose key names are key .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   messages
truth:  declares   a

test:  helper function to test the proper permissions .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  load   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 unit by degrees .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  strip   image
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  collect the metric stats from the bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  output   statistics
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a stream is a valid format for being a stream .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  lookup a unique converter from the given resolver id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  starting   gaussian
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the fixed length of a fixed model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get ancestor variables of input variable .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  get   parent

test:  users the openid request from the openid sdk .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  list   display
truth:  render   a

test:  returns the file timestamp .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a hybi-07 frame with binary or text data according to the type of a task .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  specified   remove

test:  create a project manage for a project .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  project   management

test:  return the base64 dir dir for data .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters out layers in the given api .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns the messages that a given request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  merges two dictionaries .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   metadata
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  set dns for the smtp ip list for the smtp virtual server list .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  return   get
truth:  ip   ip

test:  creates a unique block of text from the new-style class .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  make   modules
truth:  failed   null

test:  set up a subtask and its imap4 information .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  store   store

test:  return a list of a specific queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for the list of available support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   page
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator that pauses the error function to appropriate for debugging .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  get a list of columns with a ipv4 clause .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  locate   column

test:  reverse the url for a wiki wiki url .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the log transform from the given otu table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   maximum
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic interpolation with a bad line .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  rebroadcast(host_from_gpu(x)) -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  generate tests for pip test .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  install   syntax
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   state
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a test pdf that uses alembic chain .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  register a mapping type .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the project is available or if specified .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return detailed information about the vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the right adjective for a adjective adjective or w .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the series of two strings in the revision wigner .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  decorator to run a user .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  raise   strings
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the boolean value .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the comment app from the given comment .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to the coverage tree corresponding to the coverage .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  find   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a server endpoint to use with the prng method .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  return   endpoint
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove mount additions installed in virtualbox .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only sysadmins may exist in a sysadmin .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  return   sysadmins
truth:  ignore   null

test:  returns the first product of the viewer .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  tuple   parse
truth:  show   show

test:  calculates the approx error message of a and w .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  ask the platform to allocate the specified interface on the system .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize the normal distribution at the given axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  dictionary   kernel
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters date:string  e .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  returns the metric name .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  null   metric
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given model has multiple primary primary .
truth: return true . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  looks up the vm identified by the data store .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  check   find
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing scripts .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  returns a dictionary from table metadata .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  indexes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the correlation distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   error
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes responses and responses from head .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  checks whether two values are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  compare   function
truth:  assert   assert

test:  check the user for request .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the details of a list of images into a single list .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  function   function
truth:  given   a

test:  return whether the request is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform rendered makepatch information .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   replaces
truth:  create   a

test:  convert sparse domain to two-dimensional .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  convert   traceback
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  match a list of dimensional passes the rest of the file .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  match   use
truth:  test   test

test:  make a unicode string from a python bytestring .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   null
truth:  make   null

test:  level 4: require a django handler .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  to   level
truth:  null   level

test:  get the timestamp from a datetime object .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  return   strings
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance name .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  decorator factory for notify notify notify .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  time the time of a time .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   estimate
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  parses a content_type_id and returns a httpresponse .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  sanitize   up
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  downloads all available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  if   a
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set a users preferred time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  filters out the data and return the running tag names .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   check
truth:  filter   filter

test:  returns whether the database flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  notifies a notification event .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform the index definition to a protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  displays the template context for the given object .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   attributes
truth:  outputs   a

test:  inserts the given node with the given name on the non-existent module .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   sys
truth:  insert   insert

test:  emits problem in a particular problem for all students in a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  null   problem
truth:  null   a

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if objects like an object should be a method of the objects which should be defined .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition dask for a dask .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  recodes   json
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load a file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  returns the path to the template directory of the script .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  context   null
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  try to determine the number of a plural to see if the variable has a plural .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  returns   uses
truth:  to   prompt

test:  send an sms client to one or more sms credentials .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  reset   sending
truth:  sends   a

test:  return the props families of the undirected graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   return

test:  a matrix exponential of the two consecutive simplest examples .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided image .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  decorate a function takes a method and a policy and returns the appropriate argument .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  execute   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  generates a list of string .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  null   names
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pickle a module name to a pickle module .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  use   null
truth:  function   function

test:  matches the project with the policy extension .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  process   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  find the offsets for the given lists of images .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return a packed packed binary string .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  recursive function to add property value to the given property value .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the user id .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  null   username
truth:  get   get

test:  return the value of the specified bank key .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize model by taking the average on the model given the average on the confidence confidence .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the s s surrounded by the placeholders headers .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate rst from aws files .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   run
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a tuple of one instance thats thats thats .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the bokeh nameserver .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a media_player after use decrement the reference count of a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks to see if the intent is valid .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  sends an email to the user about their notifications .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   run
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  determine which level for logging .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  to   shows
truth:  convert   level

test:  returns the roots of the memmap distribution .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   ec2
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  settings for endpoint .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  shows   view
truth:  view   view

test:  the linear regression problem x by x and y .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  null   knots
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a file exists and is a chrdev device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the string as a byte string from the given file .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for events based on configuration changes .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the sensor points for a given image .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   corners

test:  takes a human-readable size in bytes .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  takes   format
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  add a blank character to the real paths .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  append   append

test:  returns a list containing the stock rate according to the stock queue .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  verbose   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set a dirty bit on all resources .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a generatedcertificate instance of the form content usage .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find the composite index where v is true .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   add
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: text execute a text after all the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a generator which passes through a partition .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets a list of users with the user and stores it to the list of all users with three coffee .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  print a message to the log file .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  is   result

test:  retrieve the pid of a process stored server .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all pairwise of a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  iterate   matrix
truth:  pair   pair

test:  if a tuple of tuples are valid .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  empty   create
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test sensitivity and specificity functions .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   truncate
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  sort a string according to the data for sorting .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  inverse of dictionary .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  create   converts
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks the python source file is in this markdown .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   import

test:  unpack a septets sequence .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  -   unpack
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek one unit .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   compute
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  returns all options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the given text from the text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   colour

test:  generate nodes in a directory .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  calls the specified column constraints in the database .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  decorates   column

test:  determines whether the specified proxy is a proxy file .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  wraps   function
truth:  return   return

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   a
truth:  render   formset

test:  add a new service cli example: .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  a hypothesis stats for a list of the contents of the /locks .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install the media read from the configuration .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   copies
truth:  install   install

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sets a cookie for components: python3 .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorate methods with line needs to run .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   attributes
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parse and return the collection with the behaves from it .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  reads and returns the contents of a cache in the cache .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   vm
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display a list of all review requests belonging to a particular user .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  internal method to extract the a/d .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  if   load
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  called if the function is loaded .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   method

test:  return a javascript value for the content of the appropriate sender of a javascript appropriate ascii string .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes the object to the queue with the given name .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  null   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  helper function to check that the given extension name is __repr__ for the given extension .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a relationship function from a base class .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  a function to check if the response is an easy .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  match   match

test:  look up the class with the given type and all classes of the specified value .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  returns   class
truth:  null   decorator

test:  displays a model structure .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  list   null
truth:  show   show

test:  ensures that the user has an api with the given email .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  return the currently active :term:application thread .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively converts a dictionary to a svm node .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write a disk file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  decorator to make a function automatically run before running a test .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that the provided model is supported by the gpu model .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of python-memcache in the point .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  list   add
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  ignore the given service .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  fires before user-entered code runs .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  run the given tag .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  ensure that the arg is one of the pylint .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets google search for google .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  start   data
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates a profile picture for a user with a new user_id .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  implement function to convert a1 notation to the function .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  function   i
truth:  select   elements

test:  a convenience function for the known_hosts layout .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  serves   demonstration
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  convert an encoder to a boolean field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  like   like

test:  tests changed languages after the last approach revision .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   languages

test:  a tuple with a single item from a list .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  return   null
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  returns true if a task hooks .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper shell script for shell test .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  concatenate a system of truthy inputs into a dict .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  null   like
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the rosen function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  returns   fibonacci
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default locale name .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand the given dictionary into a heap .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark an exception as an asynchronous method .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write the old libraries of a given libraries of the libraries .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   a

test:  drop stats for all the type from log .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  imports   drops
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return current vim command .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  launch   prefix
truth:  command   command

test:  calculate the system time from a timedelta .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  accepts   text
truth:  test   test

test:  convert the string name to a callable name .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  return   get
truth:  to   null

test:  apply a list of topics to each tuple of topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check if we need to load a bad one .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  check   rl_forward_char
truth:  null   tm

test:  parse a repository in the qutebrowser directory .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  return   loading
truth:  resolve   null

test:  get the ip adapter name or a ip address .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  return   check
truth:  get   get

test:  will convert trace from array to dataframe .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  arrays   ip
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test traceback offset with "macosx10" .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   annotations
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert any boolean value to its corresponding boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  allow   function
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new versions for a given set of quay .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  make   string
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  current htpasswd input sliced setting cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  download   info
truth:  get   current

test:  given a string .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to get tabs that doesnt exist in a previous error .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure the loss of the creating score is zero .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  compute   ip
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the list for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  split a path in a relative path .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  look for the possible path .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  shows the template as a string with the given dictionary .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  mimics   django

test:  return true if potential is available .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that the credentials are admin .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default graph .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  null   predicate
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new private key function .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns all instances for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  itemfield view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  creates a new image from the specified canvas and returns the specified canvas .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  overlay   scale
truth:  to   null

test:  find all the gating milestones for the given gated_content_key .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  direct_declarator : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute sphinx commands as a dns shell in flavor .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  changes   lookup
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  forces matplotlib params to be the landing landing in the .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  main method for listing the browser client .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  command   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  launch a review branch in a review branch .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  wait   launch
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the environment for the module: .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test reading the message has been updated with the expected status_code .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  if   check
truth:  walk   null

test:  insert a lms lms into the database .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  inserts   assert
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the cpu affinity for a process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  run   label
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to create a temporary array .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  wrap   one
truth:  function   function

test:  rotate a given integer number of points in x .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotates   null
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure that the named snapshot is absent name the name of the snapshot to remove snapshot of snapshot to run on .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the probability distributions of a given frequency .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  calculate the flattened points for the given tile points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  computes   scale
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns true if the specified unit changes on the given unit .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a simple replacement for the c tablename .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   maximum
truth:  get   minimum

test:  return a new entry containing an entry .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a string of the integer from a low number .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches specific cluster .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree walk with callback .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  assert that the list is found and the rest of the list is the list .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  compare   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parses a string as a nicer .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   input

test:  convert image to a features .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  time   print
truth:  builds   a

test:  delete an object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  deletes   usage
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup the binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   logging
truth:  perform   null

test:  add flavor access for flavor given project and flavor .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  associate   add
truth:  given   add

test:  decorate a function to be called via thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a list of default resources found in the installed location .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a localised number in a specific range .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  outputs   a

test:  find maximum value from four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   minimum

test:  helper function to get the scaling policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns primary uri as a single string .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a relation type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   a
truth:  map   relation

test:  convert unix ticks into a timestamp object .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   unix
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the path to the toolsdir instance .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  return   up
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the unit enabled registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  prepare "attrs" and enums functions .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  fix   cpp
truth:  download   software

test:  deletes public ip from opennebula .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove leading whitespace from a block of text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add an integer to the real power of a .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  convert   euclidean
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  helper to prompt to ensure user is logged in .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  displaying   exception
truth:  to   null

test:  return version from hadoop cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   server
truth:  server   server

test:  adds the widened things that inherits from all iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   use
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string to a datetime object .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return status code plus status text descriptive message .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the names of the object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generic view to check if a student is available and will have a users progress .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  changes   grade
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  iterate over the trees in sys .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  add a previously fused definition to the fused definition .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  execute the input given a user and square the input to an email address .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  multiply   functions
truth:  null   *

test:  return the current file filename we can stop be used to build queryparams .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  displays   current

test:  does a piece of files and send the source to a file .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   a

test:  view to delete an ssh settings .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  authenticate   create
truth:  render   render

test:  remove unused statistics from a specific list of functions .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to make captured system available on packaging .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  run   indices
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dictionary of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that we can construct an instance of a string .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  to   functions
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the bfs tree in the graph .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience function for cross validation .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  format   format

test:  wait for the response to finish .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  wait   filesystem
truth:  take   a

test:  change the name of the port to remove from the ports account .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  function   compare
truth:  null   a

test:  validates that the integer argument to a valid integer and repository values .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  fixes the most common attribute in the roots from all the roots .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  surround   null

test:  if a list of all completion that are belonging to one of the same .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  if   checking
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   truth

test:  show the current line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the expire on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  catches the signal that a student has been enabled for the given user .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  list   message
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve a users enrollments from the given user .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get next loop enclosing the extruder of a next loop .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the vectorized metric for a vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   product
truth:  cross   product

test:  test installing from a git url .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  pick channels in the channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   channels

test:  returns a maxreturn diff of a notebook .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a life palette for the specified palette .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix palette .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get default currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  default   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a function as an api method - doctests doctests .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts information from the provided token and returns the oauth token .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   null

test:  return a url for the wrapped url .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  test service service immediately .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   packages
truth:  to   check

test:  extracts the user auth string .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  request   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 format .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  parse   format
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new shortcut for the current slot of the given slot .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   polynomial
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  decode the data from a python string like locale .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  check   a

test:  removes single tap command .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return the absolute url of a file .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorate a function that prints streams with the given streams .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  replaces   a

test:  push a repository mirror mirror mirror .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  process   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  helper to create a link relationship .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  show the instances of the api lookups .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  provides   social
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   notification
truth:  notify   notify

test:  returns configuration file path based on the configuration .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  detects   returns
truth:  get   nginx

test:  track the rfxtrx configuration .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   register
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a list of extractors .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   a

test:  converts all keys in a dictionary to defaults .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return the file chunks in the given chunks .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  set adjust option as integer .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  adjust   adjust
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the specified logs and return the descriptor .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the amount of memory allocated to vm cli example: .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  provide the output of a wrong job id .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  maps   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape special html characters .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to check whether the course has all users with the given name .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  return a task .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  return   response
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account table details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method for a resource in a api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   api

test:  returns true if the container exists in the container is configured .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if the given plugin has the given permission permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the threshold covariance measure for a fixed image .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  convert the given value to a different value .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the most appropriate pages for the application specified by the template context .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get a task object .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  get   a

test:  register vcs handler for use in the module: .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  register   cast
truth:  to   decorator

test:  assign out the data from the function to define if available .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  render   a

test:  check that a string is a mayavi version .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  raise   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a python filename .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  split   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a datetime object to a string .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  null   show
truth:  given   day

test:  test read min_dist 1-d .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  evoked   reading
truth:  test   epochs

test:  parse a snapshot description .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  xml   xml

test:  generate a random string of length keys that is very expensive to serialize the input string .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new datacenter with the specified instance .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  determine whether the part ends with a tuple .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  append   one
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a fake usage on a property .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  helper for classes in order to verify the new-style class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns command line application instance .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  used   like
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods that checks the appropriate for use with the given pattern .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  generates a list of the new metric and a string .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a new session key function .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  uploads a bucket and returns the encryption key .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  find the evalf evalf of a set of strings .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  deserializes   compile
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for image .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  detect when we are running under os .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return a matrix where each row is a matrix of degrees values and mirror .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   color
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a given non-existing dict to a protocol instance .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  count the value in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build a dictionary mapping fully-qualified collections to their ids .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  builds   function
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  given the transformation transform .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  compute   key
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  input   encodes
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index is absent name the name of the postgresql to remove template of the index template : false if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  takes an image in the output format and returns the shape of the image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  if   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return true if the given string is a valid name .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the url of a given backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  retrieve   lookup
truth:  url   url

test:  configure a service in a datastore .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller - used to allow rit memebers to just be specified in default/person - used for imports .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for tests .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  calculate a new id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that the prop identified by an admin view should be whitelisted .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  get   check
truth:  tests   editable

test:  sets the cuda amount of the cuda object .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  set   set
truth:  used   function

test:  like page but return resulting page if page was unpublished .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  tuple   page
truth:  null   one

test:  returns a function that returns sys .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if a alphabet is valid .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the dovado platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the elementwise product of a and b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  does the contain for a contain .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  checks   binary
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for views that checks whether the state has been change .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  synthesize stim events from channel .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  give   list
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  returns label of label represented as a text string .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  draw   a

test:  read characters from naming_series into keyset .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to generate tabs code string .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  code   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  test that a shell command exists in a given directory .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  to   generate
truth:  extract   null

test:  displays the display options for each options that has the warning settings in the settings .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  return   config
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function for validating doctest_mode and upload the pipeline to an expression with a new pipeline .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   a

test:  load the train given file .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of unresolved states for the given state .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  generate tests for fun providers .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  load   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test io calculation .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   label
truth:  io   io

test:  create a union for the right kwargs .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  parses a resource_view .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  input   format
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the path to the theme theme if it exists .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we have a duplicate keys for a comp .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move the existing query to see :func:_access_rule .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  add   move
truth:  move   move

test:  used to mark an exception on a 2 in a timedelta object .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  remove   up
truth:  null   docs

test:  same as a not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  remove keys from an object .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  given a string argument .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of exit .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  if   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  make sure sys .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role function from its name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create an api user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare region to use with the two or equal to a x length .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that the user has the permissions for the given contributions .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  use   check
truth:  if   check

test:  outset the preface gcode text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  zh-tw zh-tw content in a given file .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  are   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project redirects to available redirects .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  prints out a blobs access control list .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  add the user to media request reports .
truth: the media page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   media

test:  given an integer .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the base directory of the current environment variable .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  to   augeas
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the number of versioned hmac body contained in the given secret body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse the given request .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  given   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a change model model between the best and the value .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  enable code that are in a final fashion .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  save   stdout

test:  bins pkcs7 function for a set of predictions distribution .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  uses   measurement
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int rounds array as a down of the nearest lower bound .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  align   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a config file and return a dictionary .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  returns   a

test:  fuzzy rsa to smallest rsa key with rsa .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  null   use
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render an icon **tag name**:: bootstrap_icon **parameters**: icon name .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   a

test:  wrapper around stdout .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  call   run
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  returns a wsgi environment variable .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  handle   return
truth:  return   a

test:  safely write the current configuration file .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  computes the inverse of square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this function returns a search results for a particular object .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a url for a git url .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  creates   logger
truth:  to   connect

test:  make sure nt imports .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  import   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute the salt command .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  install   null
truth:  call   call

test:  converts a string into a date object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  time   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute the fingerprint of a list of available objects .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  extracts system seconds from system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  server   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get or create an ec2 volume uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an input from the given data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  get the name of the repository repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  upload traffic to a given request .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  sends   log
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test logo ignore ignore .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   position
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a string with the given argument .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  returns   accepts
truth:  given   a

test:  adds enrollment attribute and maps attributes to the corresponding set of values for the given user .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  physicists laguerre polynomial of the first kind .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  wait until the server has completed .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   close
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: build build failures parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata for use with human-readable text .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  fake not in the simulator .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate students certificates for the given user .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  list   null
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns a list of all the tests found in the given directory .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  return   a

test:  clears the plugins that was all saved .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  helper method to convert an instance of the rendition to a rendition .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  test   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  converts a user name to a string .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a role from a keystone message .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rename playlists .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  shortcut   arrays
truth:  rename   a

test:  write the conditional formatting rules .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  code   null
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that locks position in position of position and optionally use the decorated function .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  marks a deprecation wrapper as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  imports the class by its name .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   class

test:  compute the maximum flow flow and build the maximum -cut .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  returns   gcd
truth:  find   a

test:  like the p-th function .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  null   tables
truth:  return   a

test:  test that get_user() function works even if it doesnt exist .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  null   vector
truth:  test   test

test:  common code to run a new instance .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  build a greatest for a javascript source files .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a entrance exam exam to a entrance exam as a background task .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  calculate   key
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check if a path is a unsaved tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a subplot figure .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  declare a function by name .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  the area under the area of the auc neighboring function .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  find   null
truth:  compute   area

test:  strong strong thermostat based on text .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  checks   boolean
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  return a fuse .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  retrieve   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  return the port number of the specified lswitch name .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  to   get
truth:  return   return

test:  move to the next history of history of the current user .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   move

test:  creates a writeable object with two ranges from the previous items of the given object .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  constructs   a

test:  returns a pregnancy string for the given jid .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   lists
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize the global logging instance .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  starting   in
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  convert   convert

test:  removes a role from the given username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  function   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  tries to find an appropriate status in the tree .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   uses
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the global terminal ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  wrapper for istrusted .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  if   checks

test:  make sure the test works properly when the table is protected .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  cleans   issue
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a soundcloud class from the given string .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  import   a

test:  train a new record for the given train and the result .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether the given module name exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  only work on solaris that are supported .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  load   work
truth:  set   set

test:  set the aesthetic color of the palette that will make the color .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  default billship handler for the shipping handler .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   configures
truth:  default   default

test:  fail if given objects are equal as determined by the widget .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  compare   assert
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version as a timedelta .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   system

test:  converts the given string to a valid filename .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  to   function
truth:  combines   null

test:  send activation token to the user token .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the logs used for the current database_engine .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts binary data to bytes .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  a context manager that returns an empty time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   errors
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  generate a new grains string .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  makes   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  builds an authorization credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  returns   application

test:  sort the given version of values in the list table .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  dumps out the data for use in a json string .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values into a single list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  returns the config for a specific configuration .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the provided host matches the one of the provided pattern .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  sets the time zone for the current thread .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  configure   sets
truth:  set   status

test:  parses the rate for a given long string .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  turn   seconds
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  return   list
truth:  to   null

test:  creates a new target with the specified name and returns the appropriate qualified qualified .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  creates   use
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the value of the procedure index in the given layer .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   print

test:  unpack a numpy array into a one-hot transform : var .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   parse
truth:  unpack   a

test:  generate a pairs for integer choices .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  create   n
truth:  null   null

test:  define html document and style format .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  disables   null

test:  converts a string into a floating point number .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   filter

test:  returns the pci device name configured on a pci interface .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make the front that note: the requested strings are unnecessary .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trim   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a socket special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve name for a user .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  return   return
truth:  name   resolver

test:  produce a string representing an integer number .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide tooltips for the tooltips .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  to   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a list of the fallback locale strings .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the server_name hits hits hits hits .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  make   apply
truth:  function   function

test:  get the craft type fit if it exists .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  translate css minifier to the en .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  get   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose a random boundary .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  return   a

test:  skip function for iterating .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  force   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  get the url for a comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  list   return
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  this function is run in parallel .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  function that searches the functions and returns the functions that appears in the symbol .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  model   apply
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate list of objects that differ for the given node with the given path .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  create   a

test:  grant access to the user and their actions .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  access   access

test:  helper function to check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  tests that file encodings in the user can be supported .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  null   null

test:  view used to apply to openid openid form .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  function   case
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the multiplication of the gamma function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   relu

test:  get all instances of the product matching the product specified .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  add the given color to the list of values of all rgb values .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  override   a
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  ensure that a path is a mount path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  text   format
truth:  text   text

test:  registers a locale for inclusion in a different locale .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class for a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  close the current state file .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  null   null
truth:  close   close

test:  returns the absolute url to trying to rather than specific absolute url .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  save data to data .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   image

test:  configure nginx to bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  bench   marker
truth:  set   nginx

test:  returns a dict mapping urls to the kb for the specified kb .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a relase .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  walk a dictionary of dicts .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  return   a

test:  if the working directory is loaded .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  if   function
truth:  require   a

test:  helper for the index .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  updates   gcd
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  create a new setuptools instance .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   distribution

test:  returns the mor value for a specified property instance .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a token to use in the request for the given service service .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  build   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the current app .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator execute phabricator command with phabricator .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   pollscm
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the radius of the radius neighbors of the graph .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  null   media
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns a list of all zones .
truth: list instances . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms stats between two independent samples .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  unwraps an interface to a datastore interface .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  null   rfc
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  write a gcode linear move file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   get
truth:  write   a

test:  generic view to determine which the courses courses has been lti for the given depth of the given depth .
truth: view that . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  view   view

test:  tests datetimes are left in contributors with datetimes .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  get   get

test:  save the model with the given name and the file .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  model   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a iir response sections from the sections section sections .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   guess
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate share links for a given document .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  null   a
truth:  share   share

test:  ensure that the validation has been added to validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  escape   string
truth:  process   process

test:  returns true if string is a number-like string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  if the text passed as a callable .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  collects   transport
truth:  get   transport

test:  check whether a string is a binary inside a binary templates: cli example: .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  return   group
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  check that the image id exists in the given image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  performs a vector on a model .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all prefixes in a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  wrapper around get around expected value .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  use   a

test:  a function to run a test .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   alternative

test:  eclean -> true/false .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  finds   encodes
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the md5sum for an object .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  dimension a 2d tensor with randomly output design matrix this function creates an observed matrix .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  reconstruct   notification
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named function name is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the correct email for a user .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  demonstrates   null
truth:  mask   mask

test:  given the given type to a python object .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  works a specific process .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  code   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  new field add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  compute the circular unbuckle basis for a given basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  calculate   =
truth:  null   space

test:  url only a query parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  check   remove
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the symbol class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a new threadpool threaded that is added on an interface .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable using the values in the given function .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  make a name from the given title name .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  null   contents
truth:  null   a

test:  get a point with a x number .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   portion

test:  simple string to check the featured hash for the given salt .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  string   a
truth:  to   tests

test:  checks if the identity identity is valid and the queue .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  text   text
truth:  store   a

test:  compute the generalized inverse of order n .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return & remove one element from the query .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  strip   strips
truth:  null   null

test:  request a task to generate a task and optionally async .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  null   method

test:  reset a signal handler by exception and optionally warning the user .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  function   function

test:  sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  url   null
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the multiprocessing used by this process .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  add list of chunksize points to the list of chunksize points .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  add   column
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for binary which has caching for a partial request .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  useful wrapper for classes that works as callable .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  walks   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a ip string and dicts to a dictionary .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  dispatch   a
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns the version string from the event .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  return   version
truth:  format   format

test:  return a single options dict from api service .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  get   info
truth:  return   a

test:  return a predicate which is true if false entries and false entries into false .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  return true if f is a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  a simple scenario which is expected to have a network penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  when we are dependency to do we have a folder with the filesystem dir .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  to   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  install signals on all threads in parallel .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  assure   null

test:  returns the service name cli example: .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  given a value t .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  reconstruct   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  generates a password .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a container id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  return   get
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  remove   tests
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with one dataset .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the given instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a formatted time from a unix epoch .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of unique constraints for the given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  add   list
truth:  get   a

test:  sample from a mixture of distributions .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  extract the string .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns rotation with its type depth the 8-bit shape for one of its type .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  merges   function
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension of a given type based on its type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  provided for converting requests to the provided query .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   index
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the list of available compression classes .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add form .
truth: group add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  halt the specified zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  output   detach
truth:  halt   null

test:  returns each mean of the sample that is a vim matrix with megabytes .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a simplified contains a plain text .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  return   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the size of a disk size .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   disk
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a fixed value if the value is a fixed value .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   utility

test:  send and request the request to the given request .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  email   email

test:  callback function to print output expressions .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes a document request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return true if filename is a syncfile .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   framework

test:  share config .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  tail   settings
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the epipole and linearly according to the svd .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return false if optical is inf .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set new video input on specific input .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  use   get
truth:  enable   enable

test:  convert a list of masked data into a tuple .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains the corresponding dimension of the expression .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   const

test:  compute autocovariance function for a job .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  compute   average
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   certificate
truth:  returns   a

test:  datatype datatype at the given axis .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  test if attribute of a matrix of partial overlap .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  compute   a

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test for edge detection .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  test   string
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert symbols like obj to the highest stream .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   sparse
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove a powershell dsc from the system .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   flask
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config kwargs .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run a qutebrowser command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   a

test:  encodes a bytearray into an integer .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encode   reverse
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart a specified app .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the specified api description .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  the power from *x* on a gaussian window .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  find   kernel
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check if the specified kernel module is available in __salt__ .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  dump error message but continue .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  logs   error
truth:  error   error

test:  validate a single ways matches matcher and raises an exception if it does not match the input string .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  value   value

test:  read an image and return it as a numpy ndarray .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  format   null
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  whether a site has a stable site .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove http request from http device .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  function   changes
truth:  pushing   a

test:  make a single html snippet .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  forms   link
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the pokemon size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  updates a rollout dict based on the entire entire hash .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  function   setup
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  skeleton skeleton of genericimagedatasetjob 3 .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  counts   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  make sure that the ecl and the right distance is preserved .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   issue
truth:  check   check

test:  given a service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  take   a

test:  wrapper to create a validating parse the ssh output .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  builds the appropriate original class names for the provided prefix .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  build   build

test:  loads users test .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the given callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  a valid audio loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  return   adjust
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get password for given doctype .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the serial said every element of the given item is different .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  allows   null

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   binary
truth:  return   return

test:  unsubscribe a new email for the given user .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates the trimmed scoreatpercentile of the passed array .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  get a list of the all available activities .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the connections that will be stored in the transaction .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister a path in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  find   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test whether an undirected graph g is a list of nodes or document/element a hub .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  computes   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  converts a message to a text .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  ensure that no task looks like validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  fixture that mocks a function into the keyparser object .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper to create a bcache sysfs .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator to mark a function as immune .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse arguments according to one statistic .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  converts   output
truth:  string   string

test:  given an item .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns all spaces with spaces .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  initializes the resource handler .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   wrapper
truth:  null   handler

test:  remove all values from a specific number cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper for :func:joinedload_all() .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  executes event callbacks and stores the service type .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  append   in
truth:  send   a

test:  tests that we can label their folder when they have a folder trash trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return true if the named service is contextkey .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  function   function

test:  import a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  import   try
truth:  imports   a

test:  the inverse of the previous event .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  calculate the categorical point from distances between distances and a vectors at the significance of distances point .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   dist
truth:  return   return

test:  view function for getting a returnqs dispatch dispatch .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  block   request
truth:  to   try

test:  replaces [[[ and ]]] with {{{ and }}} .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of crash to crash for running images .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   null

test:  make a form with a attribute with the value of the specified attributes .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  normalizes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a message .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  process   process

test:  load a model model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  find   format
truth:  null   null

test:  takes in the elasticsearch repository .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  verify   tformn
truth:  build   scipy

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  load the current request from the disk image .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  get   in
truth:  performs   a

test:  creates a default http connection object for use with some callback .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that vcs works with a vcs package is specified .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  test   style
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns incoming shape of the incoming shape from the os .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the json data for json by pythons log .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  function   json
truth:  import   a

test:  set the parameter in the request .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  set   a
truth:  module   module

test:  build a profile configuration from ini .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   build
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is likely to be eval() .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  test for nastiness-removal in the transfields language .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  guess   create
truth:  test   html

test:  instantiates a console keys and returns a dictionary with the global keys .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   details
truth:  coerces   a

test:  demonstrates the application with the provided username and password .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  find   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the socket file to the python socket file .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  make   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  encode a string using a a a flat list .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns the name of the commit message for the suggestion suggestion .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes the degree and returns the number of entries in the given row .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  read a vector of a binary file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of the mapping type associated with the given mapping .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  function to ensure that nvidia a package number works as a numpy driver by the parameter .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a diff for all usernames and the users in the expected users .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  show   add
truth:  computes   null

test:  validates the given xml file against the target schema .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   a

test:  generates a dataset_id from a dataset_id .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each string in the series/index .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  null   request
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the database to remove user the database to connect as password the password of the user host the host
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the current title to use for the given title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a worksheet key value to a textual key .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job by its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  load volumes records .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  move the input stream on the history .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   null
truth:  move   back

test:  replaces union like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  replaces   encode
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get a keyboard rollback" projectors from a app .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  find   lists
truth:  function   function

test:  make the response to an api call if its not already there .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  takes helpwindow; app system .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  tests   shows
truth:  given   a

test:  is the msg msg .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  find   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  start the application mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  adds a cache slug to the loaded cache .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait for the response to appear with status code .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  note   note

test:  create a student metrics .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  installs   training
truth:  function   function

test:  clean the ccx key for a ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  given a list of headers .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  xml   header
truth:  given   a

test:  expands given sub_dataset .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  expands   method
truth:  function   function

test:  find the block device mapping id from the passed image dict .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  block   block

test:  return the non-empty getsourcelines .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud node from the input node into a dictionary .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with alpha chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true if running in the executable is found .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   correct
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse a partition string .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  parse   matcher
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression representations .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for calling methods .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  to   link
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  converts code to a long integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a commit range into an instance of the commit .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   routing
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a specific sm zone .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse the input and a imap expression .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  test   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return all the functions in expr .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  name the name of the name to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  reads the header as a string .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   no
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  if ldap is not none then it should be used .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  get all receivers from all receivers from sender of this signal .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  list   generator
truth:  list   list

test:  the main function for computing the same column as a script .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  log   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a data that has been asf .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the grains from the cached location .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the minimum intersection by point and y .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   get

test:  manage the servers for smtp connections .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  activate   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  when this fails to detect the hibernate process are running .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  raise   use
truth:  null   windows

test:  private wrapper for the customercare-format 3rd 3rd .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  array   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the line number of the line that has been committed .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete a vm vm : string vm to be deleted options .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  the samples of a distribution .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  expr   a
truth:  null   a

test:  length-byte stream of a random data from a random string .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read in the package inside a package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  get   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks whether g is a groebner groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json resource resource to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check whether value is arbitrary arbitrary arbitrary arbitrary unit .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  test rotated overlay epoch for inverse inverse of image .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   form
truth:  test   image

test:  return a list of disk zones for the specified zones cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  list   list
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a package .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  code a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  find   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  validates whether each validator gets the list of all validators specified in the validator function is a validator function .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  handle printing of response .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  extended   structure
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a list of exploration ids that the given exploration is currently active that this function returns a list of exploration or more than one or interface .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a placeholder jinja2 .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  adds or updates the specified policy document for the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  returns an iterator over all lines of a csv file .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  finds   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  performs the metric that belong to a specific metric .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  ping   shows
truth:  display   display

test:  find the avatars .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  find   function
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the size of the message in e .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   f(x)**-i
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get packed geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  writes a given data to a file .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the running services .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  module   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the current config change based on the configuration .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  control   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific fits image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the nodes of each chunks in the list .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escape markdown characters in markdown .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  load the training dataset .
truth: load the data . 
test:  fetch   load
truth:  load   load

test:  decorator to set the priority of the value of a test .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  erase   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the beacon for the array .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  returns   bootstrap
truth:  null   null

test:  a newline help help help function to handle all of the page .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  null   like
truth:  return   return

test:  write translation translations to a translation file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  save   set
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to add a person entity to a person entity .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a given image is saved .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute tfr from data .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  source   estimate
truth:  function   function

test:  return the source line from the source object .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   source
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess the amount of a file .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns the team state for a given team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  save a rule to json .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   urls
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns a dictionary of the supported language names .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  known   find

test:  return a list of modules in the given module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   a

test:  construct a list of asynchronous variations to a list of three methods .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generate localized events to localized from script .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  make   a
truth:  given   a

test:  compute m and a bound for /etc/nginx/sites-available/ overlap .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  valid the address strictly as string .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check all of the database records in the database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  -   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a list of documentation for the given language .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator to provide a known undefined-step and note that the sessions are stored in a db .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load jose private private key and return a dataset .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   rsa

test:  get a humanize date .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  push   null
truth:  format   date

test:  generates the command line and the files in the git command .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  list   links
truth:  function   function

test:  split split dataframe and return a list of requested notification .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset reset reset .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  translate the message from the system .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  returns a string with color bits of given data .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  color   names

test:  makes the clip go at a given region .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   one

test:  converts decimal integer to printable representation .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new ziplines instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  applies a oracle as a sequence of exactly one .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  function   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  check if specified service is installed cli example: .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a standard ascii string with all the keys from a cursor .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   sql
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to run a worker notification on a worker .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  poll   a
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns the product sequence of elements in a sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print the file with limit stack trace entries from stack trace trace to limit 0 of every line .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  log   prints
truth:  print   up

test:  return points at corner .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  tests   index
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  filter out bootstrap from data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  samples   samples

test:  return the cache item for a cache instance .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for user indexing methods for orphan for requests .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  dispatch   null
truth:  view   view

test:  execute the command .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  bounce   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  use this decorator as a bound for passing a bound attribute to the given object .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  tests   resource
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of all xblocks accessible to this course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   return
truth:  raise   f

test:  pre-process pre-process pre-process on user to access it .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all optimizers in the grid that are all admitting and weights .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the version string for the docstring .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy on a list of tuples that will clone the new fitness in a collection that is more than a single other member .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  given a callback and a callback .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  to   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the driver type for the given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if user has access to this course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about the given expression .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get key rotation for specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   status

test:  recursively resolve metadata at the provided metadata header .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  iterate   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  merges multiple values and values and summaries .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  a decorator to login when the console was generated .
truth: login to router . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  to   login

test:  cast the argument to bool .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  cast   user
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one or more variables is a list of things .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   prewitt
truth:  try   a

test:  transform colorize file .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  init   socket
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the path to the contract contract file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new event transaction in the database .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  executes the input flasks command and returns the chosen argument obtained from the second argument .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  handle   json
truth:  parses   parses

test:  given a path .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  look   a
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  wraps a callback so that its guaranteed to run a test .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  valid str? for construction .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  display a graph .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  process   verifies
truth:  display   a

test:  given a list of article .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  allows one of the binarize and its derivatives in x .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  extract   -
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the files stored on the master .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure a value is a dict .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  makes a string for display .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  split   split

test:  computes the linear backprop for two upper transform .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  compute   crud
truth:  null   a

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  step to use the note that the video has been imported .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  step   log
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of properties .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check the system path on the server .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  function   prints
truth:  return   return

test:  support wrapper for six .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a 1024 formatted stream in the given format .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   redirects
truth:  file   file

test:  convert a dictionary to a soundcloud type .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  a convenience function for learning devices .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  call   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user to ban or ban page .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  broadcasts   a
truth:  ban   a

test:  returns dataset from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  databook   returns

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  change   add
truth:  compute   h

test:  setup python index file .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  setup   logging
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  trigger   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns ip address contained in the request .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  compute the sector standard deviation of the range in the backpropagation .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  function   position
truth:  returns   a

test:  wraps test template with a template and optionally updates the template with the given template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  changes   django

test:  pull input from a multinomial form .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a job based on the hypersearch winning .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  new message form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the style is quoted .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  map   a
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the image model object .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the type of a string .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   task

test:  get atom path from prefix and grid .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   segment
truth:  get   get

test:  converts an integer to a string for use in a field .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  converts   input
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line of the current line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  inserts   certificate
truth:  null   numeric

test:  helper function to format the address of a given address .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to create a box with a given vm .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  given the object and a callable .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  compare   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return a unsightly tree for the given leaf .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  join   truncate
truth:  apply   functions

test:  read a number with a column that doesnt exist .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  read   test
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert a sample integer to a testcontainerbrokerbeforexsync number .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  format   null
truth:  count   count

test:  read raw data as ctf .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  read   point
truth:  object   object

test:  make sure x is lae .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone on a master and a master .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  determines if consistent type is a consistent type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the values of the value with all elements of a given value .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to run a function in a reactor if it raises one .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  create   up
truth:  decorate   a

test:  include the feature and all its binding by replacing each variable bound to the assigned framework dictionary .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  yields   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear any lxc from the pull .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  returns true if the given string is a valid ip .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  return   text
truth:  function   function

test:  given a primer string from primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  matches   use
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   arguments
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  returns the path to an atom must be defined in a config file or a filename .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  file   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get or set the radial ticklines for a polar ticklines .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  call   null
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a bookmark on the given module and returns it .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  return   resource
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  set a global term label .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  null   ssh
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if the given object is a nose class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given file-like object is a regular file .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   strings

test:  copy a new master to the master process .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  create   source
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  require the default language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   language

test:  create a new qualified qualified qualified qualified name for the specified target file .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  a page with a list of upcoming .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  index   add
truth:  null   events

test:  optionally optionally create a uri'] flow from a clientsecrets file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  uploads   configures
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about an available extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   info

test:  square-free square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert flag to seconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   apply
truth:  function   function

test:  return the length of a string .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  default literal block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  document   a
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate all the nodes of a given db .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  gets   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial frobenius in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse test suite .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  build   build

test:  upload a factory to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the number of chunks required to compute the mapping in the given list .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   elements

test:  utility function: guess the image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named setting .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  takes a list and returns the result as a dictionary .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  add an account account .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   handler
truth:  verifies   new

test:  counts the number of entries in a iterable .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  count   counts
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   fr

test:  verify the new password and update proper proper datastore .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  null   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps a certain attribute with values from a list .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  retrieves   function
truth:  get   a

test:  class decorator to set the class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a single taps to the path .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   one

test:  raises an exception if name is not a valid name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  check   check

test:  render the final parameters and return the final action .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  look   one
truth:  missing   null

test:  search the specified package as an upgrade for a specific list of available packages cli example: .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  list   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents movement .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   implementation
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  returns a string that prints to the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text dialog .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a ca file to a ca error message if given with the given one does not exist .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set the current transfer descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  transform   work
truth:  update   update

test:  add the loops into the loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   loops
truth:  get   get

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove list and art after the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns either the file or filename .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given time .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete page page page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   message
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the trimmed mean of the values of the passed array .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  calculate the absolute path to the odr function .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the pairwise kernels of a gaussian kernels .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  computes   verifies
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary with information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add links to a plan .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  given   add
truth:  return   a

test:  create a epic and returns its kwargs .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get a datastore key from a datastore key .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  check if current library has been set .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  null   return
truth:  call   call

test:  if user is a realm .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  returns   authentication
truth:  null   http

test:  renders a node as a rendered node .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  email   new
truth:  render   render

test:  returns a function that returns a simple platforms .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all tags for a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a /-delimited string into a filesystem path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  transforms   path

test:  return the attribute of an attribute and the state provided via the state .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filter result of a binary result .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  replaces   mask
truth:  result   result

test:  delete one inventory that wasnt already on the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  deletes   one
truth:  delete   up

test:  returns true if config has changed .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load the china data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register data bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  sort ip from getscreens() .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   apply
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  the effect of a form note that use the user and page .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  process   a
truth:  null   a

test:  register api routes to use the rabbitmq-plugins api .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that captures validation errors to validation .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  a parametrized function for processes matching processes .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  processes   processes

test:  provides the issue associated with a comment .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   return
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean squared error parameters x: array .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node cli example: .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer flag after the split line from the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  skills controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a list of an event with a given plugins .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the subsets for the pseudoinverse .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   str
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default set .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  if the given load methods are dynamic .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  loads   create
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns the language name of the given js js js .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  a context manager that automatically handles keyerror .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  context   null
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   event
truth:  given   null

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   a
truth:  close   a

test:  extracts the version string from node .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  returns   package
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute the spectral bound to the new process .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to match the bridge in the bridge .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  null   return
truth:  matches   device

test:  specifying case of nested prefix in case of nested constants .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   null
truth:  context   context

test:  change files to the container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  specified   links
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify parameters that are incoming in the group .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  set   set

test:  test that the range of scale censure censure .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   difference

test:  remove the nearest statement entries .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  annotates   color
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieves the vdi that are attached to the vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  imports a string representation of the module as a string .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  imports   module
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure that standby are running .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  to   shows
truth:  null   windows

test:  multiply a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  tag   compute
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculate the vector of validation components .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  normalized   null
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the metadata of a metadata of an instance is this group .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  given an identity key .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  look   up

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  returns whether a user has access to a given request .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add mathjax in source to python script if it isnt going going one .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  remove the html files that arent used to copy the tree .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  starting   up
truth:  ensure   a

test:  returns true if the clause is present in the surface .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  create the directory of the mkdir mkdir -p .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads common settings from console instance and write them to assets .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the value of a boolean exchange exchange pid in use .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  given the parent directory -> qaction .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  find   action
truth:  open   open

test:  disallow log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run a generic application .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse the parameters from a list of lines .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  split   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts from url .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  called   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if the disk execution module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  check for decoding modules that are supported on the current user and code .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller for imports contacts .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  given a folder name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   iterator
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an personas reviewer reviewer or user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  require   null

test:  the true if the field uses the blocks id and the children field is in the block .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set a specific uid to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   user
truth:  set   user

test:  ensure that the parent directory exists .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  mark   create
truth:  create   a

test:  raises errors or the given queue if there is no queue found .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  check   null
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get/create a permission code .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  the inverse of a list of incomplete statements .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  if   issue
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a new value for the given value .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  read a lines from a file .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   lines
truth:  read   a

test:  the check endpoint is used with a check that is of the local node .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that the content of a region has been written to the expected value of the negative event .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  lookup a reverse packed with the given address and ttl .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  force   replace
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the http cached http cached http cached http object .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all registered domains .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function checks if the frequencies digits is greater than a outset specification .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a value into a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  marks   f
truth:  convert   f

test:  returns the path to the test file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  test   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create a ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   ikepolicy
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  create a subplot plot from multiple ['g+-' .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   location
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove a transcript from the store .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  renames   null

test:  reads cuda -o on integer .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  identities' add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to handle the enclosed function .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another callback to the function .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  limit   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course and comment_id id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a temporary variable for a given variable .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  print   null
truth:  unsets   a

test:  returns a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a string view of rendered resource view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  publish a review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns the unicode text from the given node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create and make the runner scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the number of nodes in the graph .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  flags a user .
truth: create a role . 
test:  demonstrates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  view function to follow user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  download help help .
truth: print help message . 
test:  -   null
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : name equals number .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  imports all macros .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   module
truth:  load   load

test:  determine the current port for a given port .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  get   get
truth:  combine   null

test:  helper function for searching for use in /etc/cobbler/modules .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  find   one
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  returns data for a network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a tuple of the strings a and b .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  measures   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get flavor access by flavor access list .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  returns the node that links to use for a given node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  time   code
truth:  code   code

test:  wrap a function with a rw directory if the given directory is not already installed .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  halt   add
truth:  null   null

test:  a view decorator that enforces https .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  x is a n*m matrix .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  track the ansi queries on a particular event .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  block   switch
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run the given lists .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  decode a from serialization to inputs .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of all users registered in the course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   users

test:  add synced class names to the given payload .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  updating   a
truth:  typing   null

test:  returns a random identifier .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  called by the communication signal is registered in context .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  fetch   sync
truth:  set   params

test:  returns a form for a particular job .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   show
truth:  called   null

test:  run a command in a subprocess and return its output .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  explicitly initialized eq .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  authenticate   apply
truth:  null   grains

test:  jump_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator to add a function to the array of the function .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given an expression representing a dictionary of attributes .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  null   dependencies
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap a function with a proxy attribute .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  updates the path to an http firebase request object .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fix up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up whether or not an image if possible .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  apply   fix
truth:  adds   null

test:  given @type or unicode string .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  find   element

test:  like iter .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  create   null
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  returns an integer with the compiler timestamp at the given date .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a generator that yields a sequence of subreddits tree .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  stream   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  populate set of all unknown statuses .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  null   dfs
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the shortest reciprocity between n nodes .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to attach some tags to the given query object .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  attach   update
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  returns a **all tag for the given django object that can be loaded as the appropriate validator for the given target .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  find a migration instance by name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of standard participant for the given participant .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  fullscreen negative function .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  approximate   try
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  create a task name for use with ssh .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   access
truth:  install   install

test:  login to the different handler .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  you can override this fixture to change the celery worker .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  coerce x to a list if x is an iterable .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  only work on openbsd systems with the pki module .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  checks whether the value is a valid string .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this http lb test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  point   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  returns a dictionary of dicts of jobs corresponding to the given filters .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return the helper for djangos reverse reverse .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  update the min define configuration from syslog-ngs getter .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  update   value
truth:  help   help

test:  most common expressed in a list .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   items

test:  load current user and holidays from provider .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  load   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a string .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize a function using a simple kwargs .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  use this decorator to override the function .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  construct a one blob that matches the html .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  return   html

test:  sort the given list of messages by the given list of messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sorts   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find a unix file with a given path .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   null
truth:  search   search

test:  used for k[x_{p(1)} packs .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  used   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  index   iterator
truth:  displays   null

test:  loads image with the given quality data .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  find   image
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure option has been set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  defines   test
truth:  to   test

test:  checks if a postgresql virtualenv is installed .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize the logging configuration for logging .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet on the given workbook .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   worksheet
truth:  run   run

test:  create a 2d device type that is compute the klintegrator device for the given device .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  start   a

test:  helper function to format the firewall stdout from the home version of unhandled .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   request
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the graftpoints and convert it to a graftpoints .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the valid region to use for a given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  given   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  run   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  refresh routes for routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  to   total_projected_qty
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  membership of all public requests to get a new one .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  load   controller
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert the time in a time to a string .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   method
truth:  converts   t

test:  function for calling ip string in python 2 .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rundeck enable rundeck during the build .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   xvnc
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  accept   request
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   group

test:  helper function for classes that exhausts an attribute with a tidy_content attribute .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  deprecated   checks
truth:  wraps   a

test:  run one or more nagios plugins .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  returns the standard team with the given team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a number as a human-readable string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary returns a summary of entrez entrez databases .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  check   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the current metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  find   current
truth:  change   change

test:  format the list of string for the current language .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  put   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  generates possible user id for the given user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  click click on a transform and a new aux function .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  string   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find all matches in nt and search for given sequence .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  null   function
truth:  search   search

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  receives   mock
truth:  check   check

test:  determine the traffic server to see if the request is currently active .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a nick to a specific query .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  clone a single paragraph value for a given value .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  replaces the homebrew modules from homebrew .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  process   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main entry point for ansible git repository .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  command   a
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_device service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable jquery on the page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  upload   returns
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step for a suffix and return the contents of the given suffix .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  calculate the from_file table of a table .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  handle   statistics
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  insert/update metadata for a model .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  source   exception
truth:  model   model

test:  given a data object .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  null   json
truth:  parse   json

test:  ensure that the account is enabled .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  creates   place
truth:  call   call

test:  build a string which implements a national number of rfc phone .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  find   indexes
truth:  converts   number

test:  callback to parse a port into a list of the port ports .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the given name is a valid one .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  change   check
truth:  check   check

test:  define what methods are like user .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  to   use
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update addon settings .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   one
truth:  update   update

test:  given an closed closed closed for a list of issues and a list of issues issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test positive error handling .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   ticket

test:  register all the data created by installation notifications .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  null   send
truth:  null   a

test:  clone a zone into a zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  clone   replace
truth:  install   a

test:  annoy test cases in test cases where test needs to use the test microversion .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  to   version
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse the shape of a llvm scalar .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  flags a student if a course has been entrance .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  receives   info
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  run a given model .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  function   traceback
truth:  assumes   null

test:  format a formatter for a given formatter formatter .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  convert   outputs
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  compute autocovariance of array n .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  produces   arguments
truth:  null   basis

test:  return a list with normal terms .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  find   complex
truth:  return   a

test:  get a collection .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   port
truth:  list   list

test:  displays an ajax tweet for a tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  determines   uses
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  require   null

test:  search for chocolatey that would been resolved on a python script .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  find   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a row from a unifrac-like metric .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   sample
truth:  make   a

test:  stop sphinx in a string .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  concatenate raw events to compute the given events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  input   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  helper for checking that the input is a matrix .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get a point with each component the normal backwards .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  renderscene - configuration parameters .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  generates   -
truth:  -   -

test:  test replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert a list of indices .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  null   null

test:  with shallow copy with a new fits header .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  to   comments
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url * url * url * url * url * url * url
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  union   sphinx
truth:  appends   appends

test:  convert ipython extension to ipython .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  is   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return the name of the backend associated with the given backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serve the bound for the mogilefs file .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  performs   handler
truth:  called   null

test:  check that the right type of a vector type .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  test   stack
truth:  check   length

test:  finds the user from the given request id .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  null   request
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  return   a

test:  parses and sort the request data .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  request   request

test:  setup the insteonlocal component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  returns an internal distribution for the given distribution .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  is   a
truth:  add   add

test:  dimitem : expr | expr | expr | expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr | expr gt expr |
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a string from a string .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a token required to access a request .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the old array of a function .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  converts newlines to unicode .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  null   utf-8
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns profile .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   map
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  copies the given color to the ip address .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  match   null
truth:  chop   chop

test:  check the wrapped policy corresponding to the wrapped function .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  check if the new-style header is a valid header .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  make   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  make   null

test:  loads a demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  parse the host from a cookie .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns a string representing the image object for the given image object .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a kbengine lookup function to the primary and convert it to a kbengine .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  list key policies by key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   key
truth:  list   list

test:  return current hardware clock cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  get the class corresponding to the repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   keys

test:  decorator used to clean the subsection gating gating for the provided subsection .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  check   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  initialize the metric for the metric .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  function   null
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  returns true if the object has a database .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   find

test:  open file thru the behavior of a script .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  only load if incompatible is installed .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  default   default
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse a string of :typetype into a human readable format .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  converts   reset
truth:  hex   hex

test:  generates a new command to the current date .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parse a string containing the json parser .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  extends extension to the given element .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  returns   arrays
truth:  create   a

test:  entire a chunk of files .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   file
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists the network state for a given network and qos_id .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  port   lists
truth:  get   state

test:  create a lazy function that automatically run in the given relation .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   mros
truth:  merges   mros

test:  indent a text by a prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   like
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  converts an xml handler into a serialized xml string .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  null   user

test:  returns json representation of the item as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a local servicepair .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects if the described attribute is available on this platform .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  returns   functions
truth:  if   null

test:  iterate over the strides of f .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns the url to use for a slug .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  releases   releases

test:  returns the multivariate mean of f(x) of a function .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a clsid to a python machine string .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy a file to a new directory .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copies   files
truth:  copy   a

test:  return an array with disabled disabled if the array supports disabled .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  append a dictionary to a dictionary of elements of -items .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  applies   assert
truth:  push   element

test:  go go in a acoustid dir or write to the acoustid for the acoustid checks if the file was changed .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  calculate   update
truth:  get   get

test:  split an intermediate rechunk that computes a graph that checks that these pre-certmanager -> networkx graph to get largest graph .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  apply   changes
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a role cli example: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find a path to an existing file .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  find   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  convert a dict of tuple values into a dict .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   str
truth:  convert   convert

test:  json-encodes the given html string .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  we want to use in twisted .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  create a random graph with the given number of dimensions .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  ensure that user input is an array .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  returns a list of packages in the package .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate weblate .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  joins data with a date/time query .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  time   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns all the courses courses in the user .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the exact nf of g in reduced .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  return the output of a query and the current hash .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  execute   sql
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and only selecting the ones with the test succeeding .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  sleep without blocking the system .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   print
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install a package with a wx .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  returns the attribute attribute attribute with the given name .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing the id and minor state .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  installs pyenv if pyenv is available .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the runtime directory to use for the en-fr module .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  configures   configures

test:  interpolate cleaning cleaning of indexing most common functionality .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  wait   errors
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  take   existence
truth:  test   existence

test:  tests if the clrtype can be sent to the system .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  called   email
truth:  null   implementation

test:  return a list of tuples for the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  list   a
truth:  function   function

test:  perform total-variation for elemwise dataset .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  list   compute
truth:  apply   apply

test:  ensure the decorated function fails .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   ^

test:  dynamically add a colormap to the given axis .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the echo queue meets the given queue node .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  p   null
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  return true if expr is an expression .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert a text into a dns rdata class .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  helper to identify a table table .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  builds   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for a certain given media resource descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   a
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check if python version is supported by the cache .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validate the google storage service type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  return   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  distplot-specific the user from two inferred results .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  build   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper function for quoting a url string .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  function   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  default updates to available on page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  null   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install the latest configuration file for a test .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   chocolatey
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default linelength matches the default gui .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  the error code is returned in the last argument .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   checking
truth:  error   error

test:  return the master s of the list of master files in a buffer .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorts   null

test:  function to load word from layer .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  reads   binary
truth:  loads   null

test:  take an resource dict and turn all filters into an integer (or dict .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  interpret   null
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  list all the flask test cases in a list of dotted-notation .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   a

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  enables compressor for testing .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  load and returns the shared data .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  load   function
truth:  loads   a

test:  seed description takes a scenario object .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  step   description
truth:  null   description

test:  converts a string to a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  to   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the full path to a resource in the user .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   get
truth:  find   find

test:  check that a matrix with pytables labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  check   classification
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  function   anything
truth:  to   url

test:  remove a css class from the string of css classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  tests sparse .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  classify   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos distros .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add the given host for the given aggregate .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  host   host

test:  update the default configuration plugin .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  validate   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  take a list of whitespace and normalize the output .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  join   null
truth:  make   null

test:  make actions to studio own events .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  null   add
truth:  enable   a

test:  helper function for scrolled canvas .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   in

test:  saves an image to a filename .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  save   use
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git characters in a string .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tf-feature of two numbers .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a python usable as a bytestring .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  writes a gdb script to a file on disk .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  source   a

test:  given a url .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  insert data from left to right locations .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  finds   tool
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences for all emails with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add html menu .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns the type string with an encoding .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a dock for the given title and return a list of environment variables .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  rossum links are not implemented in javascript mode .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  text   text

test:  add integer table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   value
truth:  add   race

test:  a view to es down the es down .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  performs   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of the items in arr .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the current time .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  debug   function
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  memoize a function .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of cuda .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   gpu

test:  wrap a test with a cookiecutter license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  helper to calculate the predefined problem for a given problem .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  normalise   a
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  returns a random integer number generator for the range in a range .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests translator comments are stored on a file extension .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  make a call to a function .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape invalid xml characters from literal string .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  xml   escape
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  create a user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare the desired replication and ignore the desired replication role .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  mark   compare
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  construct an xml string with the data for the given criteria .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  string   null
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the given filename is a valid platform name .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   validator

test:  calls log() if stderr is a tty .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  if   current
truth:  calls   calls

test:  converts data type to default format .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  value   conversion
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  compute the explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  output   a
truth:  configures   configures

test:  provide data for the corresponding dashboard analytics .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  the fprime score function .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  null   params
truth:  regularized   null

test:  expand the column list into a dictionary with already already present by the order .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  given   null

test:  parses the backup info from a file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  determines   one
truth:  returns   entities

test:  download the image from the current machine .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate the goodness of a given correlation coefficient .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  calculate   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  return a this is a helper function to remove all the decorated tree from the given tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  create   redirects
truth:  convert   a

test:  update url from github urls .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  sign   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the given list of test names .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return details about the webapp url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  performs   run
truth:  find   memory

test:  get the type of obj .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  test   get
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  verify that the value of the supplied configuration is a dictionary .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test serializing after adding yes/no .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  returns the current database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  null   list
truth:  exists   exists

test:  returns the endpoint of the appropriate endpoint type .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  turn a datetime object into a formatted date .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  check   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter attempting to always return parameter values .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   null
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts the specified text is an output of the specified element .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return true if the current status version is disabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a prepared of the mapping of a mapping of name-value pairs .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  html document visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  output   document
truth:  document   document

test:  set a random state of the random estimator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  make   elements
truth:  set   set

test:  helper method to retrieve all credit requests for a given username .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  use   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  make a padded class out of a padded style .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a fake blockdevicevolume with a dataset_id derived from a dataset_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the coherence between x and y .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  computes   crud
truth:  compute   compute

test:  prepare data for pretty .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  retry   cycle
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for unary/binary beams with single line .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  remove no child components from the unix system .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  override   emails
truth:  call   call

test:  returns a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if user is visible based on user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  represent   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  run the celery error on the device .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  logs   send
truth:  null   task

test:  returns the string contained in a list of image urls .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the images that are available for the given product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a config time to the current systems format .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  accepts   return
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered loop for the ordered nested boundary .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  run a command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  change password form .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  uses   interface
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  the default pcap used to get the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  give   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute autocovariance function for h=1 .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  produce   linear

test:  fork a answers to a spawned spawned and then return it .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  a vertical vertical vertical line containing the line break before the line .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  null   exit
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the distribution name is rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  this function implements the sale spectral group of the *obj* .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   method

test:  convert an image to a string .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   one
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager for how figure a sequence of attributes .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a list of exploration objects that are configured for the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the cache file into the cache .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  serializes all threads to threads .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  dumps   data
truth:  is   null

test:  create the equity curve curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function for getting a single filenames .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the member with the selected group id .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  returns   legacy
truth:  get   a

test:  read an image from a file .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  read   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  return a dict with information about the postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  list   replaces
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the name of the file to use for adapters .
truth: main function . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  function   function

test:  strip leading and trailing whitespace between a and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read a string of bytes from a buffer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  read   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup a single grid axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  draw   setup
truth:  null   projection

test:  recursively convert a dict of type keys to a tree of dicts .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the precedence object for the given item .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  regression test for a bug that caused to_string to crash .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  calling   test
truth:  using   test

test:  get a default deadline instance for the given timedelta .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  view to procedures to static files .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  view   view

test:  factory for accessing a search by based on its values .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the name from a full config name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the joined file path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  undo logger for the logger .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and end .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  returns the default object to use for the default object .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  add a item to the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  add   a
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all quotas for a given project .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  sample information for the approximate iterative distribution parameters effect_size : float value of the ols expression to be converted .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  null   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: critical enable critical to the build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  assert that a auth_strategy is valid .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request headers .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the generalized standardized moment of the second kind .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  =   matrix
truth:  taken   example

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  find   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a dictionary with no keys that can be passed to the user and the client as dictionaries .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  list   use
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns a key for a specific way .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ignore specific value in missing and can be iterable .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  raises   code
truth:  if   null

test:  ensure that the schedule for changed .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  if   binary
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a list of all objects of the found tree .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a new course with a new status .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  create   a

test:  try to get a home directory from the environment path .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  find   get
truth:  return   user

test:  list public ip blocks for the specified module .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  downloads mnist locally and returns the output .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like an object .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  do recursive .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  retrieves the websocket id of a folder by the user .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  look   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a tree hash with the given fo .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a list of srs .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  return   parameters
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a window for the given window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  numpy implementation of x .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   return
truth:  performs   null

test:  decorator to register a function as an argument .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  map   s
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  solves the linear order order o .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  null   equations

test:  display a list of commands .
truth: print this help . 
test:  exit   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  a signature-matching thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the storage plugin name .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the argument name for the given argument .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the region code that matches a specific number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   view
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  provide a list of available tp objects for every preference .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  if   a
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote a list of arguments as nt rows with help arguments .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  return   quote
truth:  null   a

test:  create a traffic server configuration for the given month and optionally node_type .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  make   directory
truth:  return   a

test:  make the given directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  return a fixture that will return the list of the supplied keys < the supplied keys .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  get   multiple
truth:  list   list

test:  tell whether an atom has a bokeh atom .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  bytes   things
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the model with the given reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  a helper function to multiple choices for a given validator .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete specific models .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   wrapper
truth:  delete   one

test:  return a driver function with a vector expansion of the given function .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the server is empty .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  restart   check
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a string to a list of all the strings in the range .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of series consists of the byte consists consists of the input .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  get the subroutine subroutine to use for the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   try
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats a date according to the argument .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  given a list of request headers .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate the list of group messages for the given user email .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  returns the current time .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a route route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  retrieve all exercises that the user has read/write read/write .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns mongo application instance .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a decorator used to call the function from the given angle .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns table discrete fourier transform .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a list of item view .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the ppcc order of distances in a nice distribution .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns client details of organizations configuration .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  boolean   return
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  makes a projection of axes .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the configuration options for the given locale .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  make   check
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance from a specific font .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path to the given key in the current environment cli example: .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  find   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  given a you .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  return   a
truth:  input   input

test:  init and return boto3 policy .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  process   case
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is enabled .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the inner objects of the path to the list of objects objects specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  provide all hwaddr interfaces and their interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  decorator with the specified user has the permissions to the resource permission enabled .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get outline from paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  see :meth: .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  deletes a few version .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  list   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set the fullscreen previous fullscreen .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  enable   enable

test:  reload the schema from the global namespace .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  routes   routes

test:  create a movie from a filename .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  gzipped   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  calculate the expected discounted measure .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  compute   quaternion
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  difference of linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  null   source
truth:  divide   one

test:  simulates the given network object .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  query   count
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a partition from a partition .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  removes a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  parameterize j function for the quadratic function .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  compute   requests
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  checked   create
truth:  checked   create

test:  join -> string return a string in the string arr .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert obj to encodable object .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  obj   return
truth:  makes   null

test:  shortens a default help help help string to a default string .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  horizontal scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  match connection options for connection lookup .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  if   dhcp
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg link - convert kegg identifiers to/from outside identifiers target_db - target entries entries - kegg option - option - option - can be "turtle" or "n-triple" .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  null   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  update the local backend fileserver backend .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  find a list of functions that are considered to access a function and ensures that the current item in the list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a site server to run in a managed server .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  link   link
truth:  require   null

test:  a decorator for methods that accept the function spec .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  create an autoscaler on the policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  setup as a sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  install   depth
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table witn all the table entries .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  provide   test
truth:  reading   reading

test:  when a worker is created .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  manages   http
truth:  null   worker

test:  returns a list of list of (of data for the client tests .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  request   request
truth:  returns   a

test:  list the keys available in the user .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  list   list
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of available formats for the specified formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  delete tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  delete   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  a custom space count for the leading space .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the hash on a given relationship .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out user from app .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  a simple convenience function of the hosts output .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  -   trace
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  given a list of colors from a conflicts organisation .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  construct   lists
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a logger for the given object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  create   logging
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the zfs zfs images in the glob .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a worker to the when the thread is none .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  function   handles
truth:  null   worker

test:  print a friendly error message if the user has an instance .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  rate   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  pushes the client for the current database_engine .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   push

test:  returns true if the given username and all users have the given course .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  returns information about the pipe for a specific file .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 3 3 of specific 3 3 3 .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create backup files which are not created to a tar file .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  file   null
truth:  tars   null

test:  seq1 a sequence out of elements in seq .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   copy
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests to ensure its easy to accept a driver wrapper as handlers .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  function to download and return the path to the given destination directory .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  return true if the url belongs to the provided url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the host tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the equation of the batches of a <script> equation .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  composes   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  check the mac address to see if the mac address is on the systems set .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all backups belonging to a consistency topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an incoming rate queue object .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  delete tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  removes   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parses the ancient function plugin plugin section .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  format   functions
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize filtered avatar avatar for a user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  render   render

test:  returns true if any of the files exist on the system .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  check reader for cpu cpu macro .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return version information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a user to the given log .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  function   shorthand
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a role points to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  returns the status of a process instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   null

test:  generic contrast function .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  null   elementnode
truth:  null   factor

test:  add an element to vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   arguments
truth:  add   vertex

test:  add a single event .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  show   function
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check calibration_curve cases for bound functions .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show all logging instances from the logger .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  use   a
truth:  set   a

test:  sets a nseconds nseconds for the minutes:seconds of a vagrant .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  set   check
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   formats
truth:  takes   a

test:  get packed geometry output .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get an instance profile cli example: splunk_search .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert a length code to a national number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   length

test:  delete config on switch .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the demo remotes platform .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for non systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   package
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a json representation of the given document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  document   task
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves bernoulli order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   position
truth:  solves   null

test:  parses a rule to a tree of one rule .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  review   a
truth:  put   put

test:  a version of the nodes in the target list .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validates the tunnel for use with tunnel .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove generated ips .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  removes   form
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the os version of the postgresql ~user .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   null
truth:  git   git

test:  looks up an exception as a |mapping| .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return the virt time type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if id is an abstract id .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  datetime object to a theano function .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  turn   a

test:  a decorator to set a tagged function for a given key .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  given   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent recent body to the body .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   sparse
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  return the signature created by data .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  -   return
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns the path to the root directory of the project .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get geometry output directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a sample sequence of a sequence of combinations .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a tuple of length arguments .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   counts
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns whether the object has an permissions for the given request .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator which causes bare oserror instance to be used in the perfectly thread .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a list of tuples and a and b .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a + b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume all the topics on the compute node .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   null

test:  testing the proposed output snippets .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  a view that returns the healthz request .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   health

test:  generate the filepath of a single file .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator for methods that exhausts the decorated function .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the file name of a file .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  file   file

test:  return a string with the elements of data .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  like   s
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return tests to use in a directory .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  return   a

test:  detect value from given environment variable name .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  function   replaces
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a queryset of users that are not met to store this user .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  restrict   null

test:  decorator to set a attribute of an attribute on a given value .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  updates the users redemption code for the user with given user_id .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   method

test:  send yaml .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  helper function to create a new layer .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  output   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a string of length .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  construct   datetime
truth:  null   key

test:  parse the snmp snmp parameters .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  time   example
truth:  check   check

test:  test the function to return a structs table with structs .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   mgz
truth:  producing   checks

test:  given an object and a dtype .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  removes   config
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to indicate that a task has been queued .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  generates the n-th coefficient for x .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  compute   linear
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   quotas

test:  provided for displaying the possible formats for values .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a database .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  adds the full launch data to the document .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  move   handles
truth:  removes   null

test:  return the top and user_display} window with debug and size .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  if   a
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the front over the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry for use with and cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  prints out the text on or off the term .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   text
truth:  print   a

test:  make a virtualenv assumes the path is in the current environment .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the portage tree .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  initiate   refresh
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   arguments
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the list of path components into a list of pairs .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  split   a

test:  takes a timestamp and returns a timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  calls some error response to obtain a given response .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  list   place
truth:  make   strings

test:  try to convert an existing request to an existing user .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception stanza from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run a remote cluster in a cluster .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  find   start
truth:  run   run

test:  given a user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrites   null
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests revision gets the latest revision from a revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   revision

test:  reads the cached file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  main entry-point for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  restore a dictionary with the current values converted to the given separator .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  copies   program
truth:  null   a

test:  runs the validator function with a few shell .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  sets   test
truth:  run   unittest

test:  clone an object from an object .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   clone
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate a theme based on the given header .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  file_input : test .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the path where the egg already in the distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   link
truth:  get   get

test:  copies the struct from one or more model to another .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   data
truth:  like   like

test:  function to select the list of know from the given price number of item .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  increment   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  run a dataset .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  build   a
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   section
truth:  reject   reject

test:  parses iso 8601 dates into a unix date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  make   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generate a text string which provides the contents of the runtime would be checked for the given username .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  squeeze a tensor along an axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  iterator   function
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove all the referenced documents from the document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y:: k = .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  incrementally edge down the service when it starts up .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  return   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  compute kkt optimality .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  predict the test objective function .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  represent   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  run all of the *keys* interface cli example: .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   type
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  calculate the normal pdf for one meg statsmodels .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   logarithmic
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculate the rayleigh range from the given compute the gaussian system .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  validates markdown to be markdown and return markdown value .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   markdown
truth:  text   text

test:  an addrequest function for windows .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  produces   long
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  init   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  check if a function is monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  the contribution of the elements in a list .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  calculate   duplicate
truth:  block   block

test:  check the is a template : bool time-frequency : bool .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  writes   a

test:  check that distances are correctly currently against the altaz model .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  null   shlex
truth:  check   check

test:  maximum value of array elements along an axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   x

test:  print the following node to a documents or documents .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  decodes   service
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  updates the supplied list of course urls for the given course .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   up
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check a bug that can be different .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   precision

test:  get a column column from a column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  return   return

test:  returns roles used for dataurl dataurl .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  retrieve   username
truth:  get   roles

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a root into a root of the dictionary .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the path from the current salt:// version .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  returns a review request for a user .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  add a time to input and __package__ .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the result of the memcache script .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  return   return
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a user name to the uid for inclusion the uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  process   user
truth:  convert   user

test:  idea an url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extended glob information about the xkcd .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  list   information
truth:  takes   null

test:  load python struct file .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  given a number of data in a string .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  returns the manifest version of the stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  return   conversion
truth:  stack   stack

test:  given the id of a method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  determine   try
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore an existing build configuration from the teardown() option to a uri .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   prompt
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a directory if it does not exist .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  create   variations
truth:  make   worker

test:  add a arguments to the value of a key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  sets   function
truth:  substitute   a

test:  evaluate the ip evaluated .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  parses the course id and returns a tuple .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  show the script usage in the scripts .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  train   function
truth:  test   test

test:  imports a new library name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  load   a

test:  suggest suggest the jupyter pi works for existing table .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  create   test
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  convert a connected code to a file name .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  code   code

test:  loads a file and returns its entity .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  load   action
truth:  null   seed

test:  retrieve all partitions for which the left device .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   certificate
truth:  array   array

test:  this function fixes the size of a fixed *r* .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  take   null
truth:  fix   size

test:  a generator that returns true if the data of a block of any of the passed data .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add the name of the file at the specified path .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   graph
truth:  gets   a

test:  gets the list for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  probability density function for probability distribution .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  null   information
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  cleans all the given obj to a flat format .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  use :meth:git .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  join   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on the jenkins server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  create a null float for the image_ref distribution .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   name
truth:  remove   a

test:  include the given file in the passed template .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  show   up
truth:  locate   null

test:  test if a repository is a repo url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  builds the type string from the token token as integer .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  render a string .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  format   -
truth:  print   print

test:  request the container from the container server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trim a string to a list of strings .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  trim   index
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns true if the supplied arguments are found in the supplied arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  add an atomic group to the list of objects .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  run the check for matplotlib .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  test   null
truth:  output   output

test:  features should not return scenarios .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  called if any function returns a string which will be edits .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a random item from a distribution .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a resource from the course .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  helper to create a connection given host and port .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   try

test:  power non-maskable if running on a vm or has been created .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  emit   a
truth:  set   set

test:  will update an existing network with given will handle .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   add
truth:  update   update

test:  gets a comment from a thread .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the path to the webpack hash of the given webpack .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  if   check
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  display a message usage in the user for this page .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  see   a
truth:  print   a

test:  returns a random integer value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run a single given command in the given directory .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  run   run
truth:  command   command

test:  convenience function for creating valid config object .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  returns   ldap
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   a
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  carves up a mime_type type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media mime type .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   up
truth:  carves   up

test:  display a returner .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  display   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  note: evennia .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  tries to create a fully qualified name .
truth: remove " . 
test:  find   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check to see if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  define format format for print format .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  print   print

test:  return the information for the named file .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify a public certificate .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   create
truth:  verify   null

test:  run the interactive command in the daemon/forkd .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  package   call
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a regexp and returns the string .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the currently active connection stack .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a version string with the given integer version numbers .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  get string to log/print on string .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split a packet into parts: rest .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a json mapping .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  specify specify to disk .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  index   index
truth:  moving   null

test:  adds a product to a basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adding   handle

test:  raise an exception if url is invalid .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  function to ignore first types from a list of strings .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  decode a zipped object with a given cant .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode strings to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the radius of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the students ccxcon for the course .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  update   update
truth:  pass   pass

test:  return the connection to the "stdlibs" response .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   connection

test:  returns the cpu cpu time in which the last iteration of cpus .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a class object .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  create composite value using a transparency transform .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  find   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multidimensional rank filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  allows a port for future a package .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  port   add
truth:  creates   null

test:  processes language or available language data from request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  to   language
truth:  requests   requests

test:  helper function to generate meas meas id .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  remove invalid characters .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  escape   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wraps a descriptor .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   replace
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of lists that work with location removed .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  removes unicode encoding from the xml definition .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  remove   n
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate sentry for sentry and hmac key .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generates   configuration
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks if a queue exists .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  empty   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a progress job into a tuple .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers declaration_specifiers .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close the specified port number of attached to the server .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  two simple high simple :class:pandas .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  not all utf-8 encoded string .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decode   python
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get invalid status cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get all tags for the provided instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  count   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a string representing a time in a format .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  format   power
truth:  filter   filter

test:  fake gcs handler for the last update .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  force-reload service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   service

test:  determines whether a module is installed .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  load   load
truth:  provides   null

test:  computes the reduced cholesky decomposition of a matrix using lu decomposition of a given prime .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set a random states for the list of states .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  return   whitespace
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  factory to create a decorator if one function func is used .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  remove elements of style_dir from list .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the file server modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  frequency view for a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  check if a repository is a repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  write   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : token | qliteral | right | nonassoc | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a conditional posterize image from all pixel values .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return a context manager that temporarily sets xml .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory that makes a function allow a user allow creation of interest .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  check   request
truth:  call   call

test:  decorator to run a test with a view function after a given event .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  func   run
truth:  run   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create the operations that fit the github application extension .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  changes   function
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  return a list of all power types which can be created or any given power .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  null   find
truth:  get   get

test:  a convenience function for extra data structures .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  usage   options
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert the sympy s to a scalar or a scalar .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  fake distutils .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne analyze module .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a list of all common interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  list   a
truth:  gives   a

test:  return the incoming client object .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  invoke   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  will receive a users course settings for a given user .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  null   function
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a nested hierarchy of units or var(p) hierarchy .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  time   time

test:  returns the reliability of the given lowcolor .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  splits   a

test:  returns whether the :nth-child() transform of a sparse matrix is a same transform .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   whitespace
truth:  return   return

test:  cleans up the amazon route 53 53 domains .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  convert a linear or a linear floating point to a singleton parameters shape : writeme returns writeme : writeme shape : array_like .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirect to the runcmd .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   redirect

test:  create the correct function that returns the default library info page .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  find   descriptor
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  check that the occurring interpret interpret is a transform of the original and observations .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  indices   individual
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  ensure   log
truth:  log   log

test:  use this decorator ensures that the wrapped function is automatically generated to generate a test as the wrapped function if the timeout ref is not supplied .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  resource view .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  module   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a template string and return a parsedtemplate list .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert an integer to a datetime object .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  list all the sinks in this project .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if path is a python package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  test a bug that replaces all the longest value .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to get a request from a given request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return true if the given ref is a key .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  find line distance between the line and the list .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a random string of the given length .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  tests the default attributes for attributes .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  rules   check
truth:  pass   pass

test:  unittest the given instance for a checker .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  downsample list of matrix distributions to be checked over the private_exponent .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  password   samples
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determines if obj is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   tests

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  init   init
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup the sony gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  set   add
truth:  setup   setup

test:  define a new :class:command decorator .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   provider

test:  create a default *private response object for the given nonce .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  create   null
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  dumps out what items are documented in source/* mode .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  aux function to aux on fake epoch .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  measure   element
truth:  equalize   null

test:  for each train/test path .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the precedence name for the state specified .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the absolute path to a specific file .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a array or structure *val* to a unbox array .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  load   load

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  turn on/off the csrf off of csrf off an access request object into a csrf request .
truth: given a request . 
test:  to   view
truth:  given   a

test:  update the local websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   limit
truth:  update   update

test:  return items as a list .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  check to see if the course mode are expired .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  return string with a number of items in the string .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  generate   counts
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the destination destination .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator that skips a function using the given multiprocessing test if running in the multiprocessing blas .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write a line of the given data .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  display   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove specific configuration files .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the vector to be used for new discrete .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  compute   integer
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is an abstract generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the base image of the current image to properties on a dictionary .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  sets   optional

test:  returns a tuple of "output_file" to pass it to the renderer .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  render   a
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if the given dictionary has a framework logic .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks to see if the request is marked as the current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  if   fetch
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load the module if the psql bin exist .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  load   checks
truth:  confirm   null

test:  get a description of a sysctl based on a get call .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  null   one
truth:  expects   a

test:  downloads all secrets and report used to create a new instance .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set evacuate facts if either a facts or the facts dict updated with the given facts .
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   custom
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidates   pricing
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  escape   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  transfer the closest remaining remaining remaining surrounding from the closest remaining neighbors .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  calculate   up
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  methods against re-patching the incoming instance this is a wrapper that methods such as the appropriate interface for the classes and methods .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   version

test:  extracts all issues logs for a list of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   references

test:  see if the states of the yaml width uses erroneous width .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  pivot   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests file extension are not deleted on the existing file extension .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   tests
truth:  tests   plural

test:  return the capturing line number string that appears to the beginning of a line .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  to   a
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   import
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive packets at layer 3 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  dummy function for doctesting empty lines .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  null   code
truth:  is   null

test:  evaluate the inception moving .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  grant   training
truth:  model   model

test:  compute the sets of a sets of nodes in g .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  null   like
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  returns the compressed tag for use by iterating over the command-line argument .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a profile is valid .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   state

test:  returns the most recent date strings .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run the unit test cases .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generates a diff of dictionaries .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the node is a decorator decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  download a s3 configuration file .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   in
truth:  download   download

test:  sanitize filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert the spend parameters into a tuple .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   null

test:  like select .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  take a list of ufunc and upcast it into a single dtype .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  determine   backend
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the full path to a resource on the master .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   modules

test:  iterate over the given function tools .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  function   null
truth:  make   a

test:  decorate with this endpoint if theres a method with a method call .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete an image-volume cache record .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  delete   delete

test:  access the access token to the context for the user .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  creates   endpoint
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  return the system information for the specified dependency cli example: .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  computes the squared error function .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure the secret excluded by subdir the secret are excluded .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  null   test
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  the named template returns the path to the minion cli example: .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  check   null
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check a permission value for git and returns a boolean of the supplied key .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a convex path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new cmac object .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   link
truth:  linking   linking

test:  like loadarff .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  module   requests
truth:  read   read

test:  read the tables from the production tables .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a row .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  given   a

test:  normalize a scene string to include any valid characters .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  handle   replace
truth:  string   string

test:  detects file in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   text
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the ask of the given value .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  asks   null

test:  generate rsa keys for nbits keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a task by name .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  return   a
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  stream random data sets .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  slice   null
truth:  null   n

test:  call the service with a specific service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  display the scale dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return a boolean value if the action passed to it was a choice .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   action

test:  number of a trees in a trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  is callback to handle the most recent sibling of a number .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  test that invalid usage works as expected .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine if the provided index is a list .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  make sure that the given user has been use the given factory .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   method

test:  strips a sentence from a string .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  checks if the transaction manager is in manual or in auto state .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a checkpoints package is installed .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image members from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  returns default gnupg if a user has passed .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  beginning message seq from log lines .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cluster that was attached to a given job .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  check   check

test:  given a class .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  limit   social
truth:  string   string

test:  returns server version from znc --version .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  server   server
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset the given model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  test   a
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython output is initialized by ipython .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   error
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the version of the request being performed for the admin triggering .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  place   version
truth:  return   a

test:  validate the requirements table .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   parameters
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate md5sum of a file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  strip the sum of a column or a property .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  if   calculate
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a file or a filename into the channel .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  be   a
truth:  move   move

test:  moves a file and its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  move   a

test:  like the given string .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  text   update
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the fans object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  if p is a bug that will be the point in the operating system .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  sends   version
truth:  null   null

test:  return raw tool xml .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  return   output
truth:  load   load

test:  checks if user was write fields .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins get parameter plugin .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  string   a
truth:  file   file

test:  launch pad of employees of size data .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  plots   print
truth:  plots   plots

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  calculate the hexsum for a given vector .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register the language support .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   a

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  search   get
truth:  get   a

test:  load all plugins .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  raises   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns more more than more lets the info module .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  issues   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate injectorfactory for which packages belongs to what this is a list of objects .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  object   date
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random integer value with the same number of seed in the range .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks the given compatibility validation and raises an exception if the given ~astropy .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return false if the current environment is connected .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  return a context manager that ignores the given command in a given command .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  execute   wrapper
truth:  context   context

test:  return a *safe* bound to a single bound method .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   return
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total seconds for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  compute the vmdk size and properties size for the given image properties from the image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   size

test:  replace spaces in final version .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  undoes   null

test:  lower triangle of square matrix with spaced k .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  add a file to the configuration .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan the top level path and returns the list of trackinfo objects .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  a helper to create a random filename .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get all api deployment for a given api cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and returns the form for the normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts the resource from the resource and asks it .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  close   close

test:  start the window secrets window .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  create   a
truth:  display   display

test:  opens data in a file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  count   manager
truth:  download   download

test:  extract the data from a directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  determines the user name of a author .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  to   example
truth:  convert   convert

test:  clears the post mortem git mortem .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  control   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  quick check to see if a cwl artifact has a file looks like it may be a cwl tool uses it may be embedded .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given a most shape .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of previously updated by the path .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  list   ros

test:  define a class by name .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  test   test

test:  a more modifies function to be used for csrf routes .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   identity

test:  run a test with a setup .
truth: run setup . 
test:  to   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  determine the json data for instances of like platforms .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   django

test:  ensure setuptools setuptools is installed and the system is installed in the make .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  download   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a description .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  deletes an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse input .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  null   a

test:  make a duplicate sum of a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if obj is a sig .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  null   like
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the median of the values of a given list of values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  resume   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a testsuite which can be used for test runner .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls f .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  wait   comments
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  given a string .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  turn   decodes
truth:  sort   sort

test:  helper method for traverse .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  traverse   null

test:  compute the average clustering of the graph g .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  make a function to be the standard one .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  introduce   element

test:  construct a recaptcha challenge field from the given field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  determines   downloads
truth:  submits   a

test:  removes a github member from a team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all fixed ip from specified host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used as at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   linker
truth:  generate   c

test:  test setting of inverse of the way .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   triangle
truth:  like   like

test:  creates a new node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file with the specified name and return the content type .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  load   file
truth:  open   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add the canonical path to the new path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  applies   remove
truth:  make   path

test:  program : program | testlist_multi .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  wrap   program
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the cumulative line number of the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads the global module so that the user can use the global variables variables .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  reset   print
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an expression of f from f and a vector .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  take   replace
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  stream stream as aws period in aws for the retention period of the retention hours owns as they are converted .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  switch   key
truth:  stream   stream

test:  split the given scal .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  find   null
truth:  add   add

test:  parses the partition name and returns the commands as a tuple .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  loads a lms from the given queries .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  post   function
truth:  queries   queries

test:  convenience function for loading a train model on a dummy .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  loading   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  splits otu from otu to a sparse line and returns the last item in otu file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  extracts   otu
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create a test app with the given config options .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  creating   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uploads a file to a directory .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  function   function

test:  same as q .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  infer a node with the git-rm(1)_ and g2 .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   try

test:  subroutine pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns the path to the current operating system .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  yield the directory of all files that match the given pattern .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  if   return
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get a list of field names .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  function   a
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  query the query .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  query   package
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of a given path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  give an expression constant for the given expression .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  consume   unicode
truth:  null   values

test:  the view to execute the request .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  is   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  lookup lookup by name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read a queue thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  if   a
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  execute a raw request to the galaxy module .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  command   point
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  a list of issues url for a page with a given template .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  locate   get
truth:  github   github

test:  decorator which exempts the old function and return its key set .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  given a previously associated with the spec .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   t

test:  converts a message type to a tuple of bytes .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively example: up the next prior to the keys in the repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the reloading reloading from the sum of a set of variables .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  repeated   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  dump configured runtime configuration cli example: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max bits that can initialize a prime number of different floats .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes the current block and writes the specified stream object .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  write   null

test:  a function used to check if the proxyname flag is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export method to a png method .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  add a flex for existing arithmetic methods .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert x to numpy .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  please -> 40 range .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a hash string into a standard hash .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  start a postgresql process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   one
truth:  start   a

test:  given a function object .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a binary string into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send message to people/teams .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  reports   send
truth:  reports   reports

test:  simple example to run the maximal process as and return the standard result of errors .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  build   build

test:  test to ensure the provided token type type function works as expected to allow x-api-key based on the token to verify the token .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  format a host string for use in a url .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  return   function
truth:  host   host

test:  runs a shell function in a separate shell .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   null

test:  create a fake in-memory directories with the given af .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure that the in-db directories are always a tp .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  to   try

test:  a dumb that yields allocations for a single resource provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  create and apply images using the given tags .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  input   null
truth:  update   update

test:  extract the translations from a python file and return a list of language names .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  deletes/withdraws *route_dist* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the route table .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete model created by model .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  sends   attempt
truth:  null   version

test:  open a file using the given filename and return the descriptor .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  returns   binary
truth:  open   a

test:  args: objects due to related objects returns: validation .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  null   request
truth:  make   null

test:  function that checks if x is a valid aqua order .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   a

test:  adjust dimension dimension if the given dimension is one .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  targets   compute
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  returns a new neighbor points for a nr bucket .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  returning   a
truth:  test   test

test:  modify the arguments of a list .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  function   null
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download a command from the end directory .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  download   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  modified wrapper for loopback .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the weight if it is right .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the full file kind of config kind .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortcut of the shortcut for the app .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  return   return
truth:  launch   launch

test:  get a fake cluster versioned orm .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   method
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to make a view only accept revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  returns the path to the package data files that end in a package .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  recursively union a boolean field on the given boolean and transformer field .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   union
truth:  collects   a

test:  test that a pkg with a user has the desired wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   stack
truth:  warning   warning

test:  takes a path and returns the path and a couple link for removing the path and trailing .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  function   interface
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the byte-representation model from the given user .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build a similar to a wsgi server .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  simulate to handle refund request for a user .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  receive   attempt
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  turn an object into an array .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  initializes all the applications for the database .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  dump statistics to a bridge in a puts environment .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  gets   compile
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g is a edge cover of g .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  add the plugin translations for the plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that return a pointer .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  elementwise linear-interpolation function .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  patched   copy
truth:  indices   indices

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   module
truth:  load   a

test:  converts the value in a reference .
truth: return true . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a hex hash for a parser .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  retrieve   usage
truth:  given   null

test:  makes a color by the start color and the start color .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  create   n
truth:  makes   dict

test:  sends a notification commit .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   call
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check if the package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  list the brew brew command .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  look   run
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse the low-level entities from action .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license from the specified httprequest .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute an indefinite sum of two objects .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  executes a command on the given arguments .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  computes polynomial remainder in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  atomically clean up the device or it does not exist .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for views that checks whether to be run from enrollment .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  raises   function
truth:  null   infinite

test:  get the path to the users home directory if it exists .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  find   detach
truth:  return   location

test:  return an getmodule from a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a cidx file with the given output and raise an exception if the owning file is specified .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  creates   like
truth:  make   a

test:  test that matplotlib .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  append   test
truth:  error   error

test:  calculates the population matrix from the replacement for each replacement .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a sitemap message that uses the sqs sqs signal and updates the sqs message .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  create   test
truth:  null   dev

test:  parses a single changes from the same input list .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  list   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  convert an integer in seconds into a unix timestamp .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   compute
truth:  return   current

test:  for a given problems .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  help   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert a mobius graph to a interval .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  executes a function as a coverage module .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  raising   a
truth:  mark   fn

test:  helper for parse_results() .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a health check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set the trash attribute of the label .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  set   function
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a theano model containing a shared model .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  calculate   escape
truth:  creates   a

test:  handle a registered tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  posts   posts

test:  set the maximum of an image to the subtensor of all the subtensor .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to load changelog .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  return   get
truth:  extract   part

test:  returns an tuple of to be used in a directory of objects .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  return the maximum power of p .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  normalise   calculate
truth:  return   power

test:  returns the grade tag from the module as a list .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  returns true if mode is a -items or "file" .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a list of the names of active groups .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  code to pull with line blank output .
truth: override sys . 
test:  errors   wrapper
truth:  override   sys

test:  returns the versions of the root directory .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   root

test:  return a frequency frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  start   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  null   in

test:  a symbol to determine if a is true .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a diff dictionary from arguments in nodes .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  returns the matched xml reference or a string .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  decide   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of ensure -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the unix socket instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return forward point value .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  architecture architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  check   return
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear the cache cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clears   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads and returns the contents of a file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  file   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the powers have super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  takes a start worker .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a threadsafe instance with the given expiry session .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  hook   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the full path to a resource in the user .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   cross
truth:  find   find

test:  test the specific bundle .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   function
truth:  compare   compare

test:  check if the column exists in the table .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  if   check
truth:  alter   a

test:  convert the input argument to an integer .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  prepend the existing sessions for a collection .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  null   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return the plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  plugin   plugin
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate discovery client and store a discovery client to a discovery .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  run   discovery
truth:  generate   a

test:  check to make sure the kinesis file is in a kinesis test .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the vector3 multiplied by a point in the point dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the version of the windows windows for all of the windows version also created inside a list of versions .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a new cookie encoded .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return the filename of the file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  ensure that everything is a mappings for a particular gdb .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  insert the document and the document .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  issues   drop
truth:  test   test

test:  get the list of configured keys .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  list   get
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  given a string .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dict of field names and globs details for the given field .
truth: given a field . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a new cloud image .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   indexing
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert short to short .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  to   null

test:  return the string to use for the current request .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  completely removes previous file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  open   mail
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  creates an event role for a given role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a key string .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a number to a string of characters .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  get   function
truth:  used   function

test:  return a namedtuple with the same name as keys .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   installer

test:  create a dictionary from an importing entry .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  build   a

test:  return the matrix notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read function which reads a projection mesh types .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  tests   reading
truth:  make   null

test:  get a locale by name .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the given number of ordinal ordinal to a float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the path to the binary sdk .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  return   things
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  download setuptools from sys .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   install
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips by project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   count
truth:  get   get

test:  this function calls a class that parses the html page to fingerprint the back-end back-end management management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  a function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the percentage of a regular expression .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts a string argument to a long integer .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  return   function
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  extracts the message results for the validation object that matches the validation object .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  send   example
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse a string and return a message .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  add a list on a user .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  add   add

test:  given a dict .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   number

test:  stub to yield lines from source to sys .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  source   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection segments .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a class object that is used to write the module for the given module .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  adds   class
truth:  add   a

test:  returns the version of the package that is not installed .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  return   import
truth:  returns   a

test:  flatten a set of units with nested units .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the html graph exactly the graph .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal matches the input horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  test   check
truth:  to   check

test:  sends a mime_message event to a content-disposition object .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  issues   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  compute a :class:psutil to save typing to nonlinear number .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper to easily define string for positive integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  retrieves   input
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy tidy with minimal tidy .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return the path lengths of a path to node .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints out the given results for each of the query .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns the canonical error id for the given id .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  builds an http service account .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a hash digest of data with the given data structure .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains an optional text output .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  command   a
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  ensure   mysql
truth:  removes   a

test:  generates html to show the given name .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   server
truth:  scan   a

test:  creates a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  load   reverse
truth:  text   text

test:  register models and create metadata .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  return a dataset name for the given package name .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that a string is a valid key for use as string .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  null   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate the md5sum for a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  md5sum   generate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert text to an integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  if   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  renders the media prefix for the given object and populates the template prefix {% if %} .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast sparse to the same type as x .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  instantiates   factory
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parses iso 8601 format from the given date string and converts it to a datetime object .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  turn   message
truth:  to   attempts

test:  parse a network integer from network order .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  short   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a studentmodule function and assign a problem for a particular track .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  raises a unitswarning if the given logger is not a logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  backend   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function for coercing and l{safe_str} .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set the password for a named user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the specified kernel module is failed .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  testing   pillar
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  find the command-line controller .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the drop indexes for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a request object from a given feature .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  null   list
truth:  request   request

test:  drop epochs for epochs .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  annotate   insert
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return code that are actual line numbers in the line number of features .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   line

test:  does a indentation down .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a numeric row/col notation to the receiver-operater format .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  validates that the value of a function takes a specific value .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  water restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  attempt to open the json data as a json object .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run command to subprocess .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  return true if text is a builtin grain .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  if   predicate
truth:  if   test

test:  delete asset in post page .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  del   a

test:  return a list of containers associated with those groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  print   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  to   show
truth:  publish   a

test:  add the input stream and the approved class .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the media sensor .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert an absolute coordinate string to a coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  normalize a line with a blank line .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  receives   one
truth:  add   a

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  create the top data with the given children .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   help
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  print   file
truth:  null   a

test:  given a map of decoding -> string .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  make a sequential palette from a matplotlib palette .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge the data .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   function
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the non-empty module that defines the modules when python is in get_option .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  restore containers matching containers and the database .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  djangos   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calculate probability for the frequency distribution for the given distribution .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get the attribute of an object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  plot the figure and plot the plot of the iplot image .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  displays   link
truth:  draw   null

test:  return exercise content .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  get   lines
truth:  return   a

test:  copy a sparse annotations from the source to the destination .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   move
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  convert image to square .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   a

test:  update timeline for the current document .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  updates   callback
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered class registered from the specified alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse a distances file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  gets a list with all exploration ids that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find a mapping of system plugins by the group .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file outfp to the file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves the ith ith actions .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns: list of finder filter lists of filters filter .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  test if arg is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  generates a multivariate multivariate binomial terms for the multivariate distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  null   class
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve all networks usage for a given project .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  a pickleable version of a test .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send a request to the auth service .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   parse
truth:  makes   a

test:  format the hosts file or block device .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player list .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  compute the polar matrix inplace .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the port number for upnp response .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install a "package" on a distribution in a artifact distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  install   flocker

test:  polynomial multiplication for a given objects .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  wraps a string after a certain number of length .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  null   value
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete any logged emails associated with your email address .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  forget   delete
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove an human-friendly container from a docker container name : false if true .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if the first bytes is html .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  check   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns a json version of the value which can be embedded in a json string .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  wraps   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a list of private repos for a given repo .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  if the user is masquerading as specific and the rest of the given course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a helper for creating an http response .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a copy of the modified header .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  strip   files
truth:  validate   validate

test:  calls a method with a lock before portal .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  decorate   number
truth:  null   decorator

test:  perform deseq2 negative da .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  draw   deseq2
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  returns a string from a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  format   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager to run a given shell command in a subprocess .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  runs   a

test:  convert x to weighted transform parameters y : array_like .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  =   count
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  updates the portage tree .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  list   asserts
truth:  return   return

test:  factory function for creating a major .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   pkg

test:  convert a symlink to a directory .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the exception for the response .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  dictionary keys that appear in a dictionary .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  sort   encodes
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  build the target url for a given node on the given node and source_hashes .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   page

test:  run a test job .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  add nova name to the type .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  add   groups
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   output
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  check and update a job command .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return whether or not we are a python object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the enocean light .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  start   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parses a command line argument .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  returns the intersection of the minimum states for use with the account .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  given   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  decorator for methods that do not change the db .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the current locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  get   current

test:  create and initialize cachedir .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  make   project
truth:  to   fixture

test:  returns a format string for printing the given type with a single type of a format .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   a

test:  a context manager to allow testing of a ccx courses .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that the different choose_port() for the different suggest model works with the different constant includes the same results .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  merge a new post pointed to the user .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  if   check

test:  match the given pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  rename all the given obj to the abe .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  determine if the rule is set .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   return

test:  loads a context manager that renders the current translation language .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  activate   null

test:  show if operation should proceed; return true .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  get the string output of the current locale .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  duplicates   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  turn a name into a namedtuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  null   case
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a function engine for a string .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  traverse   search
truth:  get   a

test:  in case of a test case that will be a file in the system .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  returns   case
truth:  null   case

test:  given the object .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get information on all interface ids .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  list   modules
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move a new query to the specified query .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   copy
truth:  moves   null

test:  check if the glob matches the glob patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  this function returns all subj alt by the backend .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  list   a
truth:  given   null

test:  set the current asset value of all assets in the current context .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  list   alpha
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  initialize data with new threads for the threads instance .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  init   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns the executable executable to use for hug client .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if the kernel is installed .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of the graphs that return the graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the modified modified etag .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  testing   module
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  this calls the function with sudo support for sudo .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  atomically atomically key from a s3 bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  move   a

test:  create a query dictionary from a given query .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  create   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  generates pinv(x) and weights for each model .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  find all bricks in predicate that are suitable for the order of bricks .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  finds   binary
truth:  walk   null

test:  return a list of all the volumes in the root root .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  configured   list

test:  get the current system computer :return: true if the computer computer false if the computer is not greater than the revision .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update a task and create a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a property property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  print all of the established or cotangent .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  generates a call service .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  create   ansi
truth:  calls   calls

test:  a function is running in the process of a process .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retry for calling methods .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  retry   retry
truth:  try   something

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the direc platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the pairwise distances between x and y:: .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  -   use
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  disable user in username .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a replacement pattern to a list of properties or list .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  convert   matches
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the host name is smartos .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a new path containing a parsed path .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple of the provided index .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  get   page
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get element with the given id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a dict of the tool shed path to a particular tool shed config .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the event is cleared properly .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric definitions on the candidate node .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  list   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  escapes the html string so that it can be used within a signal .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  format   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  removes a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  fork   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns true if task has customized method .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initializes the given object in the given object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the sessions to use for a specific iscsi server .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of command-line arguments for the current namespace .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  get   get

test:  return the index of the input .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  converts   slashes
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  encrypt the specified data with the given key and return it .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  encrypt   return
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  itemfield view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  called   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  very toy function which returns the specified issue .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function for the grains from one or more of the grains .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  function   one
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to define a validating list of expressions - the escaped defaults to .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the cipher - the cipher - the cipher of the cipher - the cipher are decoded decoded password the cipher - the cipher the cipher by encrypting
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   one
truth:  text   text

test:  filters all model attributes except for keys in keys .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  return   a

test:  return a string describing the directory mode .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  wait   backup
truth:  return   a

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  get   get
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a actual schema .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  config   function
truth:  format   a

test:  plot the entropy from a to satisfying likelihood of a flattened array .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  produce   patches
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of all the attributes for the given user .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a dictionary that maps menu type to a default style dictionary .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  -   field
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae allows samples per samples which has the positive integer .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  multi-class categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   hinge
truth:  cross   cross

test:  import a module .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  null   alternative

test:  provides a template formatters .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  copy an unsigned word to a file and return the corresponding finite-difference .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  tests retrieving a test with an api .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  handle   redirect
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  detach the enforce function in the enforce directory .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   program

test:  the tic .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an image uuid : string uuid of image uuid : boolean uuid of image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  see if the specified item is in true or false cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  return   one

test:  decorator to acquire the methods of an iis method on all of the class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  returns the list of all the keys in the list command .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  providing   function
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the object that responds to .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  object   object

test:  simulates formatters into *chained .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   formatter

test:  format a task object that has been tasks .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  format   a

test:  delete the line of the cursor from the cursor to the cursor .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  move   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  attaches serializers to the method .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  get the internal rss limit for the given rss .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a python object .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   windows
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check if the text is a mount plain text .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  remove the end of a string of the given string of the given string .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  look   null
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses the given image for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   uploads
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: html plugin plugin parses html build from one jenkins to the job .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   generation
truth:  null   null

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  given a full text .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  write   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clear all the weights sent to the current request/thread .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  add a new order on the given order .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a javascript source code appropriate for use in javascript code .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  convert   encodes
truth:  has   js

test:  perform a database to establish new backend .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  test that the syslog is valid .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  long a single integer .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   version
truth:  write   null

test:  sharedvariable the videos field .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  log   a
truth:  look   up

test:  remove any files that arent already exist in the path .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  applies   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  show action list with the given name and action options .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   sparse
truth:  list   regexp

test:  detects if errors are the same as the main function .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  take   functions
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of available languages found in the currently selected language .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the loops loops from the loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   intersection

test:  main entry-point for the script .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  command   null
truth:  running   running

test:  verify that the old-style old-style class should be finalized on an existing class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the data from the minion out of a target function .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   data

test:  generate the inverse of the file in the file .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  make a list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  update   update
truth:  make   a

test:  this function calls a user in the given command .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if expression is an expression with a nnf expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  set defined config file for the specified config .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete all the arguments that can occur from the list .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  remove   traceback
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  returns true if there are changed on this minion cli example: .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  if   string
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard against invalid .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  debugging logs a logging error message for the last line .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  logs   log
truth:  log   log

test:  simulates a member2 user with a given email .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  construct a tag from an xml tag .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the details of the sites sites that are followed by the given group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of all the files found in a given directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  write   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  determines if a certificates in a lets looking at most recent level .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given object and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns whether a courses status has a users status .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  function used to do the discouraged .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a string of html into a low object .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphub can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the names of all active vms on the system .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  null   create
truth:  to   null

test:  update collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  take   null
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  transforms   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  episodes photos from a viewpoint object .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  null   photo
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  return a list of all available xmodule cli example: .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   negation

test:  return multiple hosts or cyclic hosts from host .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  get meta cached cached cached cached cached for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   css
truth:  get   frappe

test:  main entry point to pickle .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  link   create
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns number of function calls for the function in a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  find   find

test:  computes multivariate guass-legendre quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  multivariate   return
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  tokenize text .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns an iterator over the frames in the socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   media
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill a process with the given process id .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  detailed the list of ssh ssh request .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  check   handler
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the stroke precision .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new query with the given query and return the result .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  returns the edxnotes id for a user .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  return   client
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that line comments are included in the correct order .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a string argument to a string .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  cat regression regression tests .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  extract_array   test
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  converts the given datetime object to a http timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  prepare and save exception and setting in a context .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  code   manager
truth:  save   current

test:  returns a dialog instance with the given name .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  open   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas parent parent parent .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  list all classes defined in a node .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  look   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the inverse discrete cosine transform .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  normalize   function
truth:  finds   null

test:  show the contents of a given hybi .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a #! line numbers .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the number of days of a service .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   try
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure a resource exists .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  ensure   signal
truth:  null   resource

test:  send an email with a queue to the recipient .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  send   multipart

test:  checks if a particular ip address is a valid ipv6 or binary ip .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the line of the given ending .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  return   find
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  the effect of the test module .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  install   check
truth:  installs   null

test:  return the path to the scripts directory of an existing package .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  select   path
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister all models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the prefix is in the field prefix string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to a relase with a resource .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parses and returns a configuration object .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given encoding is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  write a list of seqs to a mapping file .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  null   function
truth:  writes   a

test:  version of djangousermixin .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  null   decoder
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a timestamp to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   dummy
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  how this module logs a request .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  logs   install
truth:  null   handler

test:  user logout .
truth: user logout . 
test:  null   request
truth:  logout   logout

test:  given a mod error .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  finite   finite

test:  convert a whether or not to an dst .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return rate per second from diff .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  return   difference

test:  given a list of feedreader and a tuple .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculates the quadratic detrend transform .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  indices   order
truth:  null   null

test:  process the input image .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  process   process

test:  performs an external filter .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  certificate   interface
truth:  returns   returns

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy server paths :returns: true if the app is not a remote server .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  look   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if dataset is a dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  retrieve a command from the given name .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  only load the module if the kernel is installed .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core with core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  load   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  factory for subsampling .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish the given pages on the given pages .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  filter   manager
truth:  published   create

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  mimic a running ruby with a given ruby ruby the name of the specified ruby ruby version of the user to gzip gzip from cli example: .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  main function for the func() .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   dir

test:  returns a module object .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  returns a dict with the roles names of the current role names .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list of releases that is stored in the specified episode .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  get   use
truth:  return   return

test:  return lvm version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  server   information
truth:  installed   shows

test:  wraps the first argument of the given env .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step without shipping shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  creating   regression
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  compute the mapping of two independent image with the same column .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  defines   interface
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  =   uplink
truth:  null   null

test:  create the fastq to run a fastq with the given location and multi in configuring fasta file .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  create   create
truth:  makes   a

test:  validate and decorate methods .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validate   decorator
truth:  validates   validates

test:  updates a user in new basket email for a basket email .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  callback   user
truth:  update   user

test:  return a unique integer in the set of llist .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalizes   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  check if the exact is valid .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  return   function
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the data for the given function arguments as a tuple .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  reverse   get
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  returns a list of the locales locales e .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  a convenience function to select all options in a browser by the options .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  selects   a

test:  return a module object given a module name .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  import   a

test:  helper to add a response to an integer .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  prints   iterator
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute greatest list of irreducible of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   percentage
truth:  return   a

test:  shuts down the server and wait for all available applications .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of all minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all options corresponding to salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  test for issue #5617 when using a format parser .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  format   format

test:  set the content of the cached content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  avoid   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  dimension a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the largest and a series of the values of all the intersection of the input tuples in the given frame .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  object   null
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  rm a job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration from the specified exploration .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  load an existing parameters with the given closing file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  retrieve   format
truth:  loads   null

test:  a decorator raising a function if a function is run .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating the meta data when deactivated is not activated .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first and the average hour of the series is farther than three datapoints before longer than the series .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read the given fixed_length integer .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  helper function to create a new paste paste .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  scale the svg file or gcode text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that the body of msgpack output was msgpack .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  null   frame

test:  add list of all the handlers that are not ignores then abc .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  add   statistics
truth:  registers   null

test:  configures an action execution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  marks   execution

test:  check if the user has masquerading for the given course .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse an error response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  returns   response
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a new review created for the repository .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  catch   utility
truth:  displays   null

test:  encode the given c{unicode} string using the given utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  convert   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  print a list of cloudpipe .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   helper
truth:  print   a

test:  set the preferred mask for the current thread .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   show
truth:  set   set

test:  check that all coverage images are present .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  null   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release the given media descriptor object .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   escape
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for existing command with appropriate status code .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   help
truth:  help   help

test:  create an image with the given location and items .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see create table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  loads a string from the given dictionary and renders it with the given dictionary .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  -   a
truth:  render   a

test:  restart a service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   openstack
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  try to dbfield and return data from the given field if it exists .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  to   check
truth:  try   fn

test:  view function that handles a password .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  reset   view
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   items
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return the permutation of a and sparse matrix in a rational basis .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  add two factor .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   dns
truth:  add   add

test:  enable tab completion on port .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  start   dictionary
truth:  enables   readline

test:  rename a module to the appropriate module .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  change   windows
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the cluster size for a given cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  get   split
truth:  extract   null

test:  fit one estimators for the given estimators .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  modified   checking
truth:  if   check

test:  calculate the log probability of a probability distribution parameters xmin : float .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   n

test:  returns string consisting consisting of the supplied 160 string .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  base : base type | base | base | base .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the number of bits in a string .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  code   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a checksum digest for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  execute   function
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  updates an entry in a model .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  save   updates
truth:  updates   a

test:  data -> gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  removes a dataset from a dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   package
truth:  purge   a

test:  extracts the code from a function name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  code   code

test:  check that the password method exists .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   a

test:  set whether option should be treated as an option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  null   option
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file containing the boundary for a room .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return a list of objects that are returned by the function .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  format   null
truth:  return   a

test:  answers the indicate a value of the request .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the horizontal denoising algorithm on a x .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  testing   apply
truth:  null   tv

test:  convert an resource list to a string and return its corresponding list of paths .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  return   list
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a tuple object that can be used to parse an event future .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  to   checking
truth:  function   function

test:  guess the kern for a given point .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  mock   set
truth:  null   number

test:  restful crud controller for imports contacts .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   programme
truth:  null   activity

test:  returns a template that first loads bootstrap3 .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  returns the string for the implementation or none if no ver is found .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   implementation

test:  get all rules cli example: .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a code object for a given index .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  create   create

test:  creates a command class used for commands .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   options

test:  generate random images for all images .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   number

test:  resolving a function with a given class attrs .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this is a extrapolate commandline function .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  null   matches
truth:  to   helper

test:  return an array of components in color space to the specified color .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  find a join list from source string .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  find   block
truth:  given   a

test:  convert seconds since epoch to epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  time   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : blank name equals number .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  string = int2ap divmod .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  converts   =
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert string to bool .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  value   a
truth:  string   string

test:  same as a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a url to the api .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  converts   parameters
truth:  function   function

test:  read ctc information from a fif file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  add a new background service to the batch .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  compile the dictionary and build a dictionary containing the given dictionary .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the data for salt specific values .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the shutdown python module .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view and form view make the available users on the user choose which ones he he .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  project   users

test:  insert a new setting changed changed on the database .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  setting   replaces
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  see :class:updates3errorpage .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  represent   crud
truth:  default   html

test:  make a minimal minimal point for the given comment .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  makes   mean
truth:  create   a

test:  simple simple single entry in the notebook .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  copy the master to a newly created with the tables .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   html
truth:  copy   copy

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  negates   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  calculate the save save update its traceback test .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  the missing service is currently installed .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  if   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  pad the given method in a method .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  retrieve a log message from a scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  list   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  add the scheduled id to a document .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  add   a
truth:  split   path

test:  compute the padding of a alignment description in degrees of alignment .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  byte   byte

test:  recursively guess the field type and connect it to the most recent field .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming vector of the shape of the input data .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function will take a message from the corresponding one line to a integer corresponding to the line .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  time   errors
truth:  presents   null

test:  consumes and applies the image .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  emit   image
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listen for events based on configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   connect
truth:  disables   learning

test:  prepare the newest newest .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepare   add
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in output state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  sorted   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  remove mine at the mine of x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  replaces   drop
truth:  removes   a

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   cputime

test:  initialize the configuration file as appropriate for the given json .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  config   config

test:  returns a sum of difference between an factor .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of the codec name .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string of python source to unicode string .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  calculate the quick quick number of data for a certain image .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  give   alternative
truth:  is   n

test:  returns true if the xmodule function is a multiple of the current transaction .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  split a module into a module by functions code_object: poudriere .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  retain vertical spacing before comments and comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  a generator that yields the decorated function .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  simple exposed to set consisting of this machine .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  processes   vm
truth:  run   core

test:  label rgb colors .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  return   assert
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  split a string into multiple lines .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  start   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  runs a command using the given banner .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  run   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the communicability communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a default object containing a default set of data loaded from an object .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  default   categories
truth:  used   null

test:  load existing sigma from one of the possible possible .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   json

test:  from a timezone consisting .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  null   bug
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return list of all active games for the current vim .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the release version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  print   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  return the set of all nodes that are networkx to have not in the other hardware .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts a mod integral of an ipv4 address and returns the outputs .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create dask array from a stack directory .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   dask

test:  validate single function for integer functions parameters sos : array_like coefficients of second-order .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  if   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  append the pylint from the pid from the already map .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that the tests are set correctly .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  given a sqlite city .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  return   method
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the current user .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the hypergeometric sum of a sequence .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   values

test:  run discovery in the resource .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  classify   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  returns a jenkins result from a jenkins header .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  return   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  return effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  find   return
truth:  is   null

test:  helper method to build oslo_messaging oslo_messaging plots .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get list of all keys cli example: .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  fetches   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: s: string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes a cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  show the contents of a specific selinux file cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  converts   in
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  removes   null

test:  pull out the tag from source .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  source   normalize
truth:  maps   maps

test:  create a gzip .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost exists .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  simulate a cubic spline given a probability model parameters x : array_like .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of all the kb info in the specified kb .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a dict describing specific unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  open a url to a user .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  load   data
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the aaaa record for domain if resolve is false .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decode a file containing the colors of a file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   a
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to format the national number of national text that can be greater than the national number .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  compute   wrapper
truth:  formats   a

test:  add a seq-object to tell the current locale .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  enumerates all the default addons routes for the given addon .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  init   context
truth:  initialize   null

test:  find the parameters of the header line .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the value of confvar is between [0 .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  converts a key into a string of variable this is a typical key for the given key .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  convenience wrapper around oslos execute() method .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if two iterators are equal .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure the given strings is an empty string .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  test   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert repr to string .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve all groups belonging to a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  list weighted sum of weighted values for a weighted model .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  perform   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get a port container id container id container id port the port to use cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  start   remove
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check name or check if check .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the maximum of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator sep struct_declaration_list .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  function used by other english string .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  color   color
truth:  generate   a

test:  flip the tree with the given name .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  left   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django django server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   method

test:  combines the elements of a list .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  test specific config files .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  serves   root
truth:  let   null

test:  create a unix comparison which allows you to specify a proxy function for an ne record with a socks interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether two vhds reference the same file extension .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of available networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding next .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  show a small orthogonal most recent use the user to run a jinja server .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to ensure the creation of an object is well .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   values
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the hex decimal encoded string .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  synchronize   prints
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test reading positions of positions from channel positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  raise   check
truth:  test   test

test:  checks string is a valid dictionary .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   window

test:  returns a list of truthy from the given pillar_pcre .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  get   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a set of induced nodes in g from all nodes .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a sample handle .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  wait   wrapper
truth:  breaks   up

test:  parse a host string for display .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the experiment subscription on node subscription settings .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing current package storage .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  parses the html diff of a diff .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generates   html

test:  return a list of running running running running running running running running running running running running running running on the system .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  list   check
truth:  running   running

test:  create the default exception instance .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  create   action
truth:  enable   enable

test:  check if *obj* is a unicode string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to add a function to a different type .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  called   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the line number of the line that has been committed .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a list of ids representing bad ids .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  receives   get
truth:  make   dict

test:  find whether the path is a valid path in a directory .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  replacement for api request .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the size of all the sequencematcher in the database .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  instantiate   commit
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set url of remote remote remote remote packages .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  pass   app
truth:  set   app

test:  bulk redirect to enable the default response .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  makes   headers
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  release a given wheel from the system of the files in the vhds directory .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  copies   fix
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  sample from epsilon .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate the validity of a bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  convert a key for a person entity .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial gcd over finite fields .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  from: a topic by sending a channel to an array .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  store   a
truth:  gives   null

test:  this function is used to figure out the data for a specific site configuration file .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a function input from plugins .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  add   documentation

test:  given two paths .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  unpack a coolmagicapplication version of json data .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  find   json
truth:  null   null

test:  return the projection of the x where x is a matrix .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  null   render
truth:  null   x

test:  updates cart from the user or cart if necessary .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   cart
truth:  return   number

test:  ensure that the supplied shape is correctly for normal that are correctly .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  return   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  given a stream object .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  return   iterator
truth:  null   helper

test:  configure a new server to log in a given server .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  set up the fully ensemble service .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised when wrong objects is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test packagefinder finds case of a case .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  check   finder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  create a new user .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  sends   socket
truth:  null   null

test:  freeze a named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns the average summary of the given exploration summary .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the proposed test for transformations .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  assert   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject} instead .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  sets   lines
truth:  set   set

test:  normalize the square .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  init   x
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  given a file path .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  if   a
truth:  are   null

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   tags
truth:  add   tags

test:  load mime files .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   style
truth:  file   file

test:  initialize data for threads with new threads for the threads .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  determine if a hash fields exists cli example: .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  get   check
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the set of attributes that are valid in the parent order .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  handle all of the students users that have been open for the given user .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  check   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  providing   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  test that cpu function works on compiler .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a random cloud instance .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  escape additional characters in list as containing sub-directories doubles .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  subsequent described in user .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  complete   auth

test:  send and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  builders builders a n*m image should be a mapping of input values .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  find   function
truth:  mean   mean

test:  widen the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   chamber

test:  view for handling template .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  build   view
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  knowledge knowledge knowledge view by type page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  return the current vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  remove   a

test:  connect a 3-tuple: and a given client .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  splits the datastore name and returns the datastore name .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  find   null
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return the string representation of the string s .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  extract   operation
truth:  null   null

test:  verifies for alignment .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  post   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  fixture to set the root xml as root .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  xml   xml

test:  method to checks if the elements are in the filter document .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  see   error
truth:  keep   null

test:  the first element of a sequence .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  run a new absolute api server .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  pause the addons+collections repository against a repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  list   shuffles
truth:  enable   enable

test:  logged logged in the url .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  fits   url
truth:  writes   a

test:  plots a pdf pdf with xs and private elements .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  hac hac robust covariance matrix assumes we have a hac one .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  update database tables from the current database .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  tag   create
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  this function accepts the options and returns the hash instance as string .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  list   list

test:  path -  .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   a
truth:  null   path

test:  view function to register a user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  validate   send
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() should print unicode output without unicode output .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a command name and stderr .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  transforms   pylint
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   filesystem
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets all registered registration from assigned to given node .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   node

test:  helper to get a direct expression .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  null   a
truth:  try   try

test:  filters a list of table => defined by removing all symbol .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  t loglikelihood of points in low x .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  null   metrics
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a cms-signed document in the cursor to its real representation .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a tar package containing all the virtual files .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  disable an nginx site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  null   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the preferences thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read a field from the foreign keys .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  complete   check
truth:  resolve   a

test:  fix the relative attribute on those nodes with the given document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  returns true if the given value is a valid uri .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  does   filter
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   zip
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  returns the location of the current instance .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  gets   reverse
truth:  get   a

test:  make sure the type validator validator works as expected .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   test

test:  return a decorator to submit the addon of the request .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  to   djangos
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create action to open a bookmark .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare the desktop job .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  prepare   function
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a file into a directory structure suitable for use with the output of a dependencygrammar .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  rotate   path
truth:  serializes   null

test:  create the gravatar url for a gravatar .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  show   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  perform a static request based on the provided arguments .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  add   example
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  fetch   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby ruby the user to use as set as the default ruby the default ruby the default ruby the default ruby cli example: .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function to execute a arrays .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test if the current root window is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  give a given completion .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  inspect   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the content as a string .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a kernel name .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  importing   try

test:  test whether a request has a logged in the cookie .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  get the current neighbour families for subprocess .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  patch patch and return true if running cli example: .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  null   execution
truth:  testing   testing

test:  compute the trimmed mpd transform .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  update column order of column .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  null   columns
truth:  set   set

test:  test dipole min_dist to inner_skull .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  boolean   mask
truth:  test   len

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] bind ipython cell .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list the specified pool cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  inference inference function for backwards compatibility with the given node .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  fires   mocks
truth:  given   null

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a path into components .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  find   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that all branches have been created .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks to see all the user has complete the course to .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates that timeout is a positive integer or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  returns a 0] object that can be used to extract binary values from a string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  taken   a
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns a list of ''pad which can initialize the transifex length .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  split a code and text into a list of strings with the text and the text content .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return a cache key for a container container container key if it exists .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  checks all pure variables in dict are all elements of the dictionary .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  has   null
truth:  to   null

test:  given variables along all axes in x .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  convert   fixes
truth:  null   null

test:  check the given string .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  produce   function
truth:  block   block

test:  confirm that all of the system is a valid ipv4 or not .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes directory to robust xml .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  write   null
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one valid error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   iterator
truth:  test   xunit

test:  specifying the initial decorator for a given env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  use   null
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  seq1 and seq2 are either a sequence or sequences .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a 1st order difference between the differential equation with homogeneous coefficients .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the given string representing the given network driver object .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the name of an text .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  read a file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test the ylimits version of the rubygems images .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the list of the plugin modules that can be used to compute the files inside the ninja directory .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the reliability of a set of auto elements .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  null   features
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a string representing a corresponding etag .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a file on the given file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  load   color
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a single sql .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  reads html file from the given url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  a basic celery app engine application .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  builds   problem
truth:  configures   configures

test:  the jsonp callback can be used as an array of jsonp .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the file size of the unix path .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  takes   file
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test infinity a signature - definition works as expected .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  check that this time has been loaded .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  time   time

test:  generate a cosine matrix based on a provided period .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper function to create a copy of a given object .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a module from the given module name .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  add a new song to the database .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   song

test:  convert a tuple into a range of elements .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   arguments
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and we add a scalar .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set the most recently attribute that will configure the most recently changes that will be last updated .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  concatenate   configures
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the featured activity model references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  whether we are supported in the function for sending with a user .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  checks if environment has been modified .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  reads   cache
truth:  to   connect

test:  make sure that we dont read a unbounded header header and column .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  null   null

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   union
truth:  append   a

test:  set the current accepted environment variables .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  build   current
truth:  get   get

test:  find the value of a newline or id .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  extract   find
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a date string to a native time object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  calculate the lws norm of an input variable .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  null   approximation
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the fiedler union of nodes in a graph .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  most test function must be due to a course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  a wrapper for the works method .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the readout for the readout .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a finder module from the user .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  look   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users from the device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   users

test:  title-case matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  find   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  pad the image root directory path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  undo the effects of quote() .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   something
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  returns the type of the given server tree .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  helper function that returns a dictionary of the configuration values .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  boolean   in
truth:  copies   copies

test:  return information on the minion cli example: .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  get   one
truth:  block   block

test:  maintenance maintenance .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify a signed certificate matches the given app in a list provided .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  use   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the url to a bootstrap theme css theme url .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   crud
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees handle to a file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  strips a string by replacing a string with the current length key .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  splits   a

test:  given one line of the start entry in the start line .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set the minimum axis to begin a given list of label .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return an rgba string that can be used to hex chars .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the module that can be used to add/edit .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  returns   uses
truth:  null   null

test:  get files recursively which have been updated by the gcode files in the directory .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  test if the test case of a specific cache backend .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  create   null
truth:  run   testcase

test:  sends a notification request to all multithread threads .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  request   multiple

test:  this is a t-test t-test to return the list of data needed for all the assigned issues .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  ask   twitter
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module from a module or a listed module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  module   module
truth:  get   get

test:  check the results of a list or subsection .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a user name for the current environment .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that a package additions are set .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   estimate
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   queue
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns the current country of a given key .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   date

test:  get a next double double builder double builder .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the significance of the 10 10 in the given dimension c .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns no permissions for the attach managers for a set of only query .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set movie title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   movie
truth:  set   movie

test:  convert an image to a class .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update average average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  return the string used to months type .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the distribution name that are distance from the distributions .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   johnsons
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  returns a list of collection links from request .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  track states and offer events for calendars .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   states
truth:  track   states

test:  returns the token from the given http body body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns the bfs edges of the graph g in the order of the graph .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  return the sample function of order n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  formats a string so that it can be embedded as one of the strings in a certain field .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  formats the token token in a smart_text backend .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  command   echo
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   feature

test:  breaks the elements of a sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  seq   program
truth:  empty   a

test:  flush to flush test reporting test .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  overrides   cache
truth:  email   email

test:  blaze blaze expression decomposition .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  null   function
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  compute the trimmed ptp array of the mean of the values in the specified axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   range

test:  main function for the installed module execution .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if specified port is a valid ipv4 port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the scheme at url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator which exempts the decorated function as a deep test .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  compute the entropy of a entropy of one or more sets of the entropy of the pseudoinverse qk color space .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the current encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  compute the standard probability density function of a random expression .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   deviation

test:  broadcast broadcast to github user .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  enqueues   request
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for the subprocess module names of a list of names .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the network_id .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove specified user from a service .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  return   movie
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  calculates the kendall tau .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  run a function as interacting with args from the network .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  code   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the package paths that are present in the package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  package   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the placementgroup configuration .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a string to a large integer .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  find   contents
truth:  input   number

test:  helper function to determine if the request is provided .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  to   code
truth:  function   function

test:  wraps the given lat .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  to   text
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  issue   a

test:  return the profile avatar for a user .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the status of the given addon .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   json

test:  import module by name .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  confirm   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that triadic are compatible with dimshuffles .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  make function creation creation of both creation and ensures that we can decorated function .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  have   a
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download an s3 configuration file .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  start the pillar data from the salt master and returns the custom time .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   start
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a real path to a tree of path components .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  do   fs
truth:  convert   a

test:  list slack users in this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-function with a cache server .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  convert a continuous random integer f to a dict .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  reconstruct   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  build a mutable child by removing all the methods splitting .
truth: version of node . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   version

test:  use nltks currently t queue on a device and returns a dictionary .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  show   show
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  construct a configurators matrix from an expression .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  list   method
truth:  null   derivative

test:  delete a function that supports the specified primary key as an [xmlschema-2] primary key .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  generates standard normal distribution parameters distfn : array-like returns the deviation of the lower triangular of the lower triangular element in the multivariate case .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  run   database
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  build the network interfaces from ifname .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  list   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a callables to determine if a is true .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines from lines between begin and end .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a function to check the server status server .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  verify   package
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expand hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports & make them available to the person collection of another .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a list with all welcome files that support static files .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  given a querystring .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  retrieves   user
truth:  make   null

test:  ensure that the current environment variables is present in the curve for the curve .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  test   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve the files of the uploaded files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  view   list
truth:  is   null

test:  display a collection .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  send   null
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a postgres exists cli example: .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  render aggregate contributors about the locale .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  shows   view
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  convenience function to set the data contained in the provided application .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  map   a
truth:  null   component

test:  add function given stats and adding a stats that needs to the target location .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  convert utc tzinfo timestamp to utc datetime object with particular utc .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes a specific pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return true if the named name is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  if   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  apply function over the cell system .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  moves   registration
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given the requested left + y .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  returned   up
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  construct a directory that runs a python package and ends with the given path .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  finds   replace
truth:  performs   a

test:  check that this is compatible with tableau type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return the nest column of the official cdll .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  finds   function
truth:  null   null

test:  take a list of flocker nodes from the game .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches exploration with the given user_ids from memcache .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a value in the http header for a file in the given format .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   like
truth:  writes   null

test:  convert a long integer into a tuple .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the feed for parsing feed files or parsing .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  broadcasts   request
truth:  function   function

test:  display command to debconf .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  the smallest integer k such that the private key has been added .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test dispatchwithevents hash used to test evoked separately .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  base   memory
truth:  evoked   test

test:  parse a list of infiles infiles to the final final line .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete a mount mounttargetid target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  checks if all configuration groups are present .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  parse the given package factory .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parses   imports
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all directories on the master cli example: .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the url string representation of a url .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  null   strings
truth:  make   urls

test:  pass pil image 1-d array returned by the banded image .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  function   image
truth:  features   features

test:  assert that the icon icon is one form set .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  retry   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  open tcp tcp entry point to a server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  return the pydoc code at offset at offset .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two results into a dictionary .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  query   query

test:  set mysql collation collation collation for the column .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  append   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  add teardrop output to complex .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   class
truth:  add   add

test:  checks whether the element contains the text of the given css selector .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  build the error error message for a user .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  function   build
truth:  build   build

test:  check for log .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  look   null

test:  retrieve a banded instance from the poll config .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solves the compute compute compute the compute compute a compute value from the bcpy scratch .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  extract   x

test:  helper method for joining xenapi plugin responses .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  is   replace
truth:  return   a

test:  plists count not using disk .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  count   get
truth:  null   counting

test:  update container metadata .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  add   update
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the given file .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   color
truth:  detects   entities

test:  exception report handler will raise an exception if any errors are raised .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  raise   use
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a string from a python string .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  string   string

test:  list all repositories from the network .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  show a warning with an ok server .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  display   use
truth:  show   a

test:  a decorator to check adding access to a view .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  project   functions
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled prerequisites for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that helper function to check if the given arguments are not a ppui_ligintime function with the given name of the given permission .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   use

test:  show tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  add a batch to a variable with a given axis .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  add   add
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read in the contents of a single version of substrings .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   data

test:  get a dictionary of channel types .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  determines   estimation
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the response is a head one .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  servicerecord add page .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  test whether cov is same as cov .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  -   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  quote a text .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   in

test:  return the raw namespace string .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract messages from mako templates .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  traverse   messages
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that the polynomial columns will not allow columns of strings columns of strings columns in the multicol the non-sqlalchemy columns of strings will columns columns when
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test a line with equal labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  change the result of the result .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  default   set
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  sync all modules with installed installed via installed folders .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   apps
truth:  sync   custom

test:  get the account by name .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  setup z-wave sensors .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  callback for converting a special text to the string .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  bytes   generate
truth:  given   a

test:  format a host to a given host .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  host   host

test:  check that an rfc 822 files can be rfc 822 .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  see   github
truth:  test   test

test:  default feedback feedback feedback feedback url for api .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  fix types that are fired with a system extension .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  attributes   add
truth:  add   a

test:  test whether htmls are the section subject .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  logs   rendering
truth:  adding   test

test:  decrypt a stream from in_stream to load a stream .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   generation
truth:  mask   generation

test:  convert pil .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   filter
truth:  convert   image

test:  fetch a dictionary of dependencies from a repository and its dependencies from the database .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  returns   inspect
truth:  return   a

test:  nicely nicely .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  default   a
truth:  needed   null

test:  decorator that checks if the user has an url .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  to   url
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns a local plugins dict with plugins in ninja-ide web page .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  return   json
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the virt image size for the given image size .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  record   image
truth:  increase   image

test:  render a mako string as a trust document .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   a

test:  same as sorted_list_difference but for lists of lists of items in missing items .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  null   object
truth:  null   behavior

test:  modify the arguments to a string .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   period
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy ones are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  handles a configuration file with a specific config file .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  if   update
truth:  update   a

test:  show a resource options .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the path to an messages in a given module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  determine   null

test:  this function does the next scheduler .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  null   datetime

test:  ensure that os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  make the input array if possible .
truth: if possible . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a string to a value suitable for use with underscore .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  generate   converts
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  a utility function for the right string .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  finds   formats
truth:  null   helper

test:  a small decorator that checks if we are valid .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the build product of a given product .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a helper function that does the special elements of a given value .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual objects associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the int .
truth: get the int . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the interfaces size in a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a datetime object from a given date .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  given   values

test:  gets context for a users request .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  reverse   current
truth:  extract   null

test:  a version of pythons urllib .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  find a quantile for a set of strings .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of identity ids .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   identity

test:  returns the number of seconds that are in a lorem decimal point .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a dict of parsed link headers into a dict .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the response data for use in views - designed to identify the api view for the login url .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compare powers powers and decimal lines .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  calculate   image
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns parameter image based on flavor/image .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot cli example: .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  check   url
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a package based on the module name .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   package
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  run a test with the given other sets of other sets .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  null   class
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a string version of the nextevaluator .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   lookup
truth:  mark   mark

test:  generates a circle multivariate density .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  define   inverse
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  merge the given text and append the tensorflow text into a the tensorflow .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  merge   text
truth:  removes   null

test:  serialize the given attribute to a file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  compress   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the loop with each component the end of the begin model .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a astroid astroid instance for sentences .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  mock the aspect module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  place   a

test:  remove unique elements from list preserving order .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the current system size .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the time from a list of cpu bits .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  build the .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  build   create
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a sitemonitor config in the build .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   geometry
truth:  null   null

test:  remove keys from a key .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  release   text
truth:  remove   data

test:  convert a dictionary of key/value pairs into a multidict query string .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   representation
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check unified .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  validate   output
truth:  is   null

test:  you try to call this function in your view and you are logged in the user and stores the login in the user and stores the login form .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  log   interface
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parse a tuple from the provided ipstr entry .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   str
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convenience to get/set the test results of the logger .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  rotate   return
truth:  execute   a

test:  makes a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the image vertically - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   crop
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list the installed perl modules cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import a module by name .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  returns the type field of a field .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the greatest common divisor of a and b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the vlan id for a vlan or a list of hosts .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculates the search in a list .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  entries   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns the tournament matrix of g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  downloads the given data from the given file and returns a tuple of the given data .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   appstats

test:  creates a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check the metadata for a module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  if   characters
truth:  assert   assert

test:  only runs on a single space or a string .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  s   s

test:  gets a list of posts that have been person and do not have been marked as a good value .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert to a remote host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  transforms   files
truth:  files   files

test:  returns a json representation of the entire team stats .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  null   map
truth:  parses   parses

test:  cotangent of a series digits in the multiplier of the given prime .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  calculate   replace
truth:  returns   a

test:  name: tobitlist args: 2 : dictionary 3358 in list of functions that have been loaded .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current audio output device output for the specified audio device .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the inverse of the elements in the tensor .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   alias

test:  a version of 2d array .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the search rank from the rights object .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities list from a given capabilities list .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  return   text
truth:  extract   a

test:  calculates the generalized dependencies for a bigip via repository across all the dependencies as a repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  null   method

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : declaration_specifiers semi .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   country
truth:  start   start

test:  disable output on the device .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  function   null
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  decorator to run a function or method in a transaction .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  adds indentation to the given object .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  create a volume from a volume .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  create   new
truth:  null   null

test:  create a list of keys from a list .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  traverse   branch
truth:  null   generator

test:  coerce value to an object .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  replaces the set of references in a line .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  null   completion

test:  helper function that escapes an iterable of strings .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  null   helper

test:  iterate over modules in a dictionary .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  set   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  return the list of users count to show .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  finds   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is run on the addition includes the program to run .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  checks   validation
truth:  check   check

test:  get a directed sysctl device .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  create a random integer from the probability distribution .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets a due date for a particular user on a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  make   set
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle linestyle accepts a valid linestyle name .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test psutil and test a trainer script .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   filename
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  test io from io .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   function
truth:  io   io

test:  transform a 2-tuple of a 2-tuple .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the edit .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an existing user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  relative condition of the action in a normal form .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  copies   replication
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  inserting again will not cause any errors from the next thread .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  obtains   null
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a banner with the given banner message if it doesnt already exist .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate the trimmed block function of the row given the 1d function .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a volume group by its name .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this tries to go through the dna topic .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  draw   features
truth:  null   null

test:  gauss-laguerre quadrature .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   start
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a bookmark user usage usage .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  registers the registry .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  raise an exception if the repository is not in it .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  retry   function
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a signal handler for ctrl+c .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  instructs   calling
truth:  context   context

test:  send a unpickling task .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  block   ip
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the node has a special patterns in its parent context .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  create a new colors with a colorscale args .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the areal distance from the current window .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  tests whether date should be treated as a datetime .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a compiled attribute function useful for sending a list of functions .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  figure   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert any data in ansi and tuples to ansi string .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  obj   returns
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  input   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a json response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the 'key attribute of a boolean .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the region code for a request based on the specified request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get a list of users that are active with this user and have .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  list   country
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript string .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns true if file has a joinable file .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  show   get
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert an object to an object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  validates   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  given the provided line .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  return   request
truth:  null   offsets

test:  return an extension extensions that can be ec2 by extension .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  return   load
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  splits a file or a list of times .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  print   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  this function creates the signer name of the host .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  rename   add
truth:  does   null

test:  configure the existing authentication header string to the given destination header .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  print   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  get a dask from the specified object .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch a gravatar email from a specified url .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the trimmed mean of the values of an array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the client for publishing the current database_engine .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  called   return
truth:  revoke   null

test:  debugging message to the log file .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   msg
truth:  logs   a

test:  clears the redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the size of a size .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  returns   tag
truth:  turns   null

test:  decorator factory to register a function for a test method with the given lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  html for explorer discovery index .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all xmlelement .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  translated   context
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure plugin is being redirected to the context .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   return
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  same as a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  true if the given node is a abstract method .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  returns a list of the paths relative to the provided paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   a

test:  raises a setting .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  can be used by providing an http token .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  take   urls
truth:  finds   null

test:  create a tableau passing tableau .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts data to native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  int   set
truth:  takes   null

test:  initializes the random number generator seed when href as the max seed .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   exponential
truth:  initialize   null

test:  converts a de into an ipv6 form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  splits kinds by kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  splits   processing
truth:  null   null

test:  find the best match for a mime-type with the highest quality .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the relayiplist list for the smtp virtual subnet as a list of tuples .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random string of whitespace characters .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  arrange services for all services that are not supported by the criteria .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the circle intersections from circle nodes .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace any quotes of string with a single space character .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  escapes a string for use in a cookie .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  patched   data
truth:  input   input

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified name .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the fallocate size of a given file .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  server   returns
truth:  null   disk

test:  convert list of tuple objects to tuple tuple .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  index_assets page: displays all pages .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive or zip file into a temporary directory .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the cci interfaces configured on the _base .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   correlation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write a external tree to the tree of the book .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  link   link

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a role name .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  null   names
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new language with a prefix that reads a inline key .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping the external entry when an entry is saved .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  swaps   null
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing from a wheel file .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  uses googleappengine to get a sharejs uuid from a node .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  return   keyword
truth:  format   format

test:  convenience function to add a post request to a post request .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  make   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs request own own public message .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  test target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  create the default production tables .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test setting of events to flat ordering .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   event
truth:  test   event

test:  like tidy .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  return   run
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns a list of all the hosts in the wrapped list of hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  get all networks interface for a instance and tenant_id .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a link to the monitoring class .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether we can resize contained file .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the lg binary sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a l-p with md5 key .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  search   searches
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  validate the configuration .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  returns   handler
truth:  config   config

test:  add some proxy to make changes to the proxy proxy in the proxy .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  guess   example
truth:  create   create

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  null   percentage
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert a pandas value to a unit specification for datastore .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack a numpy matrix .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  create a issue class .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test updating a working copy when sudo is already installed .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  append an additional url to a token url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  string   append
truth:  appends   appends

test:  ajax preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  usage: {{ dictionary|at:key}} .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  input   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the pkgutil pkgutil string from column names to use in column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  convert a string of bytes to a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  returns the cache locs .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  lookup a url by its string .
truth: given a url . 
test:  check   utility
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a minions service .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  require   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create configured configuration percentage from another server percentage .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start geonode .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   power
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from qingcloud concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the distance between x and the linkage sets of the distance matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the p-th variance for the dataset .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  trims   a
truth:  fft   fft

test:  returns the class name from a module .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  for a bunch of the following discussion: example cells .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  given   list
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  accepts a byte string as input parameter and returns the associated long value: input : x octet string to be converted output: x corresponding nonnegative integer reverse function is pkcs_i2osp()
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  elementwise   debug
truth:  return   x

test:  called if the user is logged in to view the remote .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  resetting   parse
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  null   run
truth:  confirm   null

test:  wrap the message to the next iteration .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  store   return
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  load and return false if latex is using latex .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  if   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  creates a diagonal array from the flattened input .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the edge boundary of a boundary graph .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if https url is running .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  get   a

test:  tests to make sure the config file can be modified .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   variable
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  tests a placeholder encoding .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  test   call
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the key_path is supported by the version of the worktree .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch the changes provided as a message .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loops going loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  indices   add
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view function that allow confirmation resend .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  load   display
truth:  view   view

test:  this function converts a text in an integer to a dns message .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a metaclass instance .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   return

test:  compute the l2 norm of f .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  return   works
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  returns the max value of a normal distribution .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  value   x
truth:  calculates   null

test:  escape the given data so that it can be included in protecting .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  takes a list of shortest paths and returns the shortest paths from graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  indicates   l21
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  decorate a function to invoke methods on a python object .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute edges of a graph .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  uses the given tarball in the given path to the given device .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   function
truth:  create   a

test:  return the given schema instance for the given module .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  generate   method
truth:  return   a

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices cli example: .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  known   remove
truth:  known   get

test:  commodity channel index .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the source node with the given node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  grab the list of files in the given test directory .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return metadata as a tuple .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  get   image
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add email preferences for the email role .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  demonstrates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  given a list .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  split   split
truth:  separate   null

test:  returns a list of runner from a given tag .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  compares   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elementwise exponential minus one function .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  emulate   activation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for identical function used as identical .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  is   conversion
truth:  return   a

test:  only load the module if the os is installed .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  given a list of exclusions .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  returns   arrange
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  del a lease mac address .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  release   delete
truth:  called   null

test:  get the absolute text from a file .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test art .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete page .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  converts the given ip string to a uuid object .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of current product names .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute content and the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  the linking file like just returns the unix directory .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode string into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  generate a secure .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a symlink path in the given theme with the given path .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  link   link

test:  returns program installed path .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  search   a
truth:  find   find

test:  pretty print the size of human readable bytes from the given file .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  format   function
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generate a key from the doc api .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the p-th central moment of the mean - the normal distribution .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a valid template_name which is unique to use with a combines name .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  builds   add
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write processing source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number into a hex byte string .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get whether a process with a given list of media_ranges .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  process   user
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a long integer into a human integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  null   tickets
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  gzip a given string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  return   return

test:  render the template_file .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  convert from cartesian to polar probability distribution .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  indices   kernel
truth:  null   null

test:  ensures that all the masks found in the relevant queue .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  calculate   models
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a version of the python libpython for the python libpython .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of zone .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  check if the request is a whitelist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  change   log
truth:  log   log

test:  create a template file using the given context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  template   a
truth:  render   a

test:  setup the mqtt switches .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  setup   try
truth:  find   find

test:  return the last argument of a list .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to the requested offset .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   output
truth:  test   test

test:  close all the data passed into the function .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom epic custom custom model representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return the locale we can set the locale to test .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  returns   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify data with 3 elements based on sequences of length 3 into several classes using a single model .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  classify   function
truth:  apply   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  work   works
truth:  null   null

test:  create a given string which writes the given key_id to a binary string .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   like
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get movie time handler .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   get

test:  print a thing to an object .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  given   getattr
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all available package objects cli example: .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  lists   database

test:  check that the available forwards editor is selected in the geometrical editor .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  check   null
truth:  load   data

test:  a no-op function .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shuts   null

test:  check whether the given filename matches the specified date .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  confirm   check
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current package in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  helpful dylib .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  null   a

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function to get a single sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  create   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a public property for a given class .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  multiply the offset .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  null   null

test:  handle request widgets and saves the new widgets for the user .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   selection
truth:  moving   handle

test:  scale the image of an image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  calculate   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  const : const field_type identifier .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   connection
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an "d to a pretty-print str .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   convenience

test:  serialize an inventory dictionary to a python inventory .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  widen the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   preface
truth:  alteration   a

test:  like unix .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  print   a

test:  deletes a user .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  delete   ansi
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a rrggbb .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  kill a job with a given jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  determine if a given source is inside the word .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a single dbref .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   bson

test:  usage: dbref this lock type checks if the pid exists .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  tests that the reserved code is raised correctly .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  ensure   validate
truth:  projects   projects

test:  validate the email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  validate   email
truth:  if   checks

test:  check if installed is installed cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  moving   check
truth:  test   configuration

test:  return the name of the strength .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  return   bind
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack an archive by name .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  update a resource type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   volume

test:  to use the current computer to sleep .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  given a dictionary mapping the axes - smoke - feedback version of the parameter specification for the given grid grid .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pause a message to the log file .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pause   a
truth:  test   test

test:  executes the difference between the candidate and the current configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  return   service
truth:  resets   null

test:  compute norm of square .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  helper function for quoting an option which will check if the pillar is a string or a configuration value .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  check   return
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  if set .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  set   set
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  converts a numpy array of strings to a numpy array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set request and stores cookies to the current user .
truth: set g . 
test:  get   configures
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a specific ubuntu container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  flushes app engine used to skip this way .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the memory used in bytes from the system .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   memory
truth:  return   memory

test:  given an optional string .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  check   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given properties on a security group and update it .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  mount a file access to the user .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  control   null
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the thumbnail .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the long description of a grid .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the connections type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   safety

test:  returns true if the given object has a positive integer .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  convert   color
truth:  convert   binary

test:  returns the entire chunks of a alphabet object .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  assumes g is a dominating dom dom cost to all nodes in g .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  return   iterator
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculates the binary replacement for a given course_id .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  uploads   start
truth:  sample   sample

test:  calculate the flattened covariance matrix that is used to calculate the pixel value of the input frame .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  block   generate
truth:  null   distribution

test:  serialize obj to json string .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  like   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache file .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the front group associated with a given image size .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  return   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one clip .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  indentation : string slightly a number of seconds .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  formats   none
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a deferred that can connect to a given port .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  tsdb specification of the program .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  bench   command
truth:  null   tools

test:  get all metadata from the database via parent shed application .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   a

test:  test bayesian info about bayesian info .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  stack   commutators
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that line comments are included in the order .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generates standard sample from samples with samples drawn from statsmodels .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  simulate   reports
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from whitespace .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  causes a student by email .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  process   null
truth:  enroll   a

test:  set up the queryset and returns a thread .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a path relative to the upath .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the longest letter in a sequence .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the current command does not have the given command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates comments with parent if parent is in the parent .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   add
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the current memory for a given ps .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  return   rss

test:  get a list of source spaces .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  pick   stim
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse all namespaces with global email query .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  limit   command
truth:  return   return

test:  install a test as an installed package .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   return
truth:  require   conda

test:  set a fake locale to use in the current context .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  register an admin extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  plot some data in a line chart using a line algorithm .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  null   show
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  text   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  host for count of bytes .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  does   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the auth function that performs a tool with the given arguments .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  provides   current
truth:  set   set

test:  checks whether the address is a valid ip .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  replaces invalid characters in html .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reinstall rvm rvm ruby the ruby version to install the ruby likely to install from which to run the user under which to run rvm .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata text into text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if data is valid .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  null   validation
truth:  null   sensors

test:  use a test mode that runs set up a weight mode .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  set   conversion
truth:  track   track

test:  try to detect the github system hook from github repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  displays   sparse
truth:  to   api

test:  randomly choose a list of choices from the list of values of choices f: f1 .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  searches   program
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  return sqs currently set on a rds user .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  show users home device .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  time   color
truth:  profile   profile

test:  convert qubit to the qubit matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if value is a compile compile as a boolean .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  returns   handle
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a file thru the readline module to ~astropy .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  given an iterable of parameter values .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: dry publish dry to the build as a script_path build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   options
truth:  null   null

test:  load tuples of installed jail cli example: .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  build   generate
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the score values from the courseware student module .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  utility method to perform a string without adding it to a valid name .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert iterable to tuples with tuples and tuples .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source code .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  returns a list of query string based on the query .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   word
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  validate whether the value can be converted to a valid validator value .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  if   a
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  tests   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check a valid python class .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  modified version of poll_for .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   try
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns the class name of the object as a string .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get information about a cache node cli example: .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  list   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  add an auth auth url to a url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   auth

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  conditionally validate the plotly graph but always return the plotly graph object .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  validate   a

test:  calculate the linear transform of the given sequence .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  return   image
truth:  shared   theano

test:  returns the nltk tree of a given tree .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns a dictionary mapping categories names to ordered categories for the given database .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  load   method
truth:  seek   null

test:  escape special characters in text so that it can be used as hex .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  find   a
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  send a status to a websocket server .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   data

test:  purge a organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  s   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  remove users that have nova user .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  set   function
truth:  separates   users

test:  test reading a line of a line .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a virtualserver load balancer cli example: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert old-style dict to a list; type .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  run_state_change - try to connect to a single repository type .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  build   example
truth:  called   null

test:  generates the generalized power of order n .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a set-like path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  take   a

test:  get the host for a given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  set   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  add a new secgroup secgroup name of the specified secgroup name of the service cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  convert a long integer into the corresponding micropennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  null   price

test:  try to produce the list of all the kernel methods .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate n determines the number of directories to render the given image .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  create a fuse that applies a line to a tuple .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  computes   request
truth:  null   service

test:  suggest suggest a blaze expression on all nodes of expr .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  validate   element
truth:  null   shape

test:  sample : prediction from 1-hot .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  a simple view that returns a list of directories to be posted .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  view   a
truth:  default   default

test:  process cmd .
truth: map command . 
test:  process   show
truth:  command   command

test:  a higher order function implemented on the cli tool .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  input   null
truth:  handle   irc

test:  returns a list of the size of a dataset .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  request   outputs
truth:  finds   null

test:  standard function to format the html arguments for the passed string .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a vpc instance with the given vpc id and tags .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract the javascript msgids from a given source file .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   message

test:  ensure x is passed as a y matrix .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  nested   move
truth:  makes   null

test:  create a figure device in the current axes .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the list of available payload dictionaries .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read a list of urls in a single urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a user preference for the specified user .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  wraps text that may include a errors .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  sets   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  get the logged-in partitioned from table .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  whether a and b are positive .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the logger behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  fixes   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a synchronization model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  detect grammar when a package has been absolute import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  null   import
truth:  code   code

test:  list all roles available for the specified users incrontab cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  print the string with an global locale .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  null   in
truth:  if   null

test:  test the function from a matrix .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   sailthru
truth:  test   test

test:  get the full path of a binary file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  return   return
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place a fake order on a specified order of possible dateline .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   place
truth:  place   place

test:  given a policy name .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the osram component .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  config   config

test:  class decorator for all classes that should be included in abstract .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to have a status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a clause clause clause for a underlying indices .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch request to pull pull pull request from github api .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  return   redirect
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  dump the content of the content of a content .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  decodes   host
truth:  format   format

test:  create the machine and return the appropriate ip .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  list   setup
truth:  null   null

test:  makes sure that line contains various extensions .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   multiple

test:  returns false if installed .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  output   package
truth:  get   get

test:  return the index of the maximum length .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add a forwards password to the user .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  null   return
truth:  add   add

test:  compile a file into a directory .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  execute   compile
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with order invoice link after the purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   notification

test:  show all arrays on the lvm server cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   information
truth:  return   a

test:  updates number of users accepted .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  updates   add
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the view .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level message as deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a parenthetical node which can optionally disjunction without dropping a well-formed examples .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  always return a list of invalid ints .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  handles a password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  blaze expression notes notes in a sentence without the empty string .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  for a path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  5: is a list of regexp we know the parent of the parent directories for linux distribution .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns a list of client entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  run a shell command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   running
truth:  execute   a

test:  parse stack size of a tag .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  used   function

test:  check the preferred editor .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  -   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  get the default google storage bucket name for the bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of pids of the first axis .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  horizontal reconstruction where reconstruction and a row work .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   color
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  standard error messages to log .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  print   a

test:  time-frequency making the inverse measure .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  null   source
truth:  induced   compute

test:  returns a random string/key of length bits .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  decrypts   n
truth:  flip   a

test:  validates the secret parameters dict .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   null

test:  provides the current user id .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  handles comment request to add acl about the comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  handle   locale
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts an integer to a string .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  transform   transform

test:  this pops you into str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema from the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  generates a wsgi application script for a wsgi application .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  make   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  compute the min_step integral of the input frame .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  limit   limit

test:  get the connected perspective .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the disk driver name and check its libvirt version .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  tests that the explicit explicit explicit group can be created with a group of three errors .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  check   issue
truth:  model   a

test:  set a value in a dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  null   key
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a composite label corresponding to the given image name .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   image

test:  remove playlists playlist from playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  set redis pools for redis configurations .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  config   setup
truth:  starts   null

test:  try to parse a value and contrast .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  attempt to override the existing fields for a resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  look   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents the resource action with the given resource action .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns the cache for the stub driver .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the job snapshot id configuration changes to the job id .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a symbol into a list of dataframe objects .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   split

test:  test messages of a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the suggest reader should always be a valueerror .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config zip zip file back to the specified zip zip zip zip file .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  known   fit
truth:  test   test

test:  compile a 2-tuple of the pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an mg record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  build connectivity connectivity from a directed graph .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   digraph

test:  returns a implementation consisting of data as a implementation for the excel support .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a 410 status code .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns: the path to astropy .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all available outlines .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  load a keyfile file .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  load   return
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  test whether a user is a valid password for the user .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  download current notification view for a particular user .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  function   view
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a checker looks like a checker .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpcs name .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  use   find
truth:  given   vpc

test:  loads config file .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  config   configuration
truth:  validates   validates

test:  send message to msgpack frame .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  converts   log
truth:  null   frame

test:  list all catalogs in a specified results .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  updates   list
truth:  list   list

test:  cassandra cassandra version for cassandra .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  indent   keyspaces
truth:  show   show

test:  insert the document into a raw document .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  get   set
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade upgrade a test unless a setuptools is installed .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  null   upgrade
truth:  null   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   null
truth:  work   work

test:  creates a new dictionary with the given key .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   null
truth:  index   index

test:  return the ipv4 binary .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  in that a user is allowed to being a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   fake
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verifies if the request is not a custom hash .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  is   null
truth:  verify   users

test:  print an error message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a monitor .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  convenience function used to parse and streaming data .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  parse   data

test:  returns the version string for the sdk e .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  confirm that the given string is a color version .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  returns   openssl
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-200 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  color   a
truth:  model   model

test:  ensure an apache key is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  enable   enable

test:  discard the surface of the local file .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  reverse   networkx
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return a dotted name .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  used to log a file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  file   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adds the current response to the steady auth object .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  make   headers
truth:  adds   null

test:  locate a new url to the given url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  filter   data
truth:  opens   a

test:  wait for a remote host to see if the login is available .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  make   multiple

test:  retrieve metadata associated with a given image id .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  amazon connections of connections .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   dict
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively list all the environment definitions in the given environment .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  read the reflog .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  base64 decodes a binary string .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check adding the file system path to the file system directory .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile a function and return a function object .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  given   a

test:  return the line from a degrees of two proportions .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  compute fourier transform of a int_0^oo or a int_0^oo equation .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  converts a bcd value to a bcd .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert an migratin size from a *pointset* size to a python size .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  return   function
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing matrix for the given attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  =   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  creates a proper placeholder object from the given list of strings .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  compute kernel for the hermite roots of two n-d equation .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  change   null
truth:  null   product

test:  parse arguments from text and return a list of strings with only the same line .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  wrap   text
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the current bus number .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the minkowski minkowski distance between two boolean arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a thread .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  join   function
truth:  null   python

test:  returns the diff of the file based on the status name .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  return   list
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional convolve filter .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  calculate   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  open   samples
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against against one .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns a horizontal value corresponding to a horizontal shift .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  check if a given -cut is a datastore_query or user version of a function .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a page for a user .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  view   in
truth:  run   security

test:  convert a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  sets the default app finalizers .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  obtains   manager
truth:  default   default

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  decode   function
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the checkout/payment for the problem .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  display   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that string is a valid title and can be stripped .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  value   html
truth:  null   validator

test:  searches through the available services .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  find   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a mimetype on the given format .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  registers   function
truth:  register   a

test:  delete a workflow matching the specified containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  detach   code
truth:  ensure   null

test:  determine context_lines before and after the first line has a been resolved .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  find   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  return true if the given path exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  exclude   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all the sql statement in the given demo .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  display   null
truth:  print   print

test:  return a list of partitions to store .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a slug list from a raw name .
truth: get slug . 
test:  reverse   return
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate a csv for a course and upload the results to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   optional
truth:  null   a

test:  clean an http ttl .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a set of sample ids to nothing" the dummy collect sample ids according to the values in sample .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the slice attribute dictionary and element matrix to the slice element .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  compute a specific computenode on the given objects .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  like   like

test:  set a contour on the follow_path .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance type by flavorid .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   flavor
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  performs a mime_message key on a file .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  caches   caches

test:  generic search by name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  find   search
truth:  search   search

test:  separate top-level function or class definitions with blank lines after the defines testing lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  byte input conditions and calls errors that would otherwise be a l{deferred} entry in a function .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  time   a
truth:  see   null

test:  compute the code for a case in the struct code .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  format   drop
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key from a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test the correlation diff tests .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  test   compare
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a fixtures for the xmodule script .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an integer to a datetime object .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  value   default
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  adds some headers to the vary response for a given response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  string   headers
truth:  adds   null

test:  takes a list of dicts and returns a dictionary with all values of the values of the values of the values of the same item in the sequence .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a random game of "b" characters from the given state with the given state .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a vlan that yields all processes hosting the given ip .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this property .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options used for the twisted twisted server .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that a certain value exists in the system path .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts basestring to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  convert   character
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the control segment name of a control segment .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  this function will take a list of keywords or a lexer and processes out the given keywords .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  string   a
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   service
truth:  restart   restart

test:  get the correct test suite .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  context   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator for registering api methods .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  decorates   a

test:  the main function for the release of a primitive resource .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   operation

test:  load the pip version from the syntax version that was installed by the version number .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  filters   uses
truth:  return   a

test:  class decorator to set the class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  if   a
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve a dict describing all tasks .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  try to depending on the current object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  dumps   function
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  parse a rule to check the optional column .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  returned   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a ethernet packet to a raw packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the version of the proxy instance .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the object is a valid interface .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generates package partition from functions .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the old ratio where a particular ratio is found .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  probability of the main loop .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  support   function
truth:  testing   testing

test:  updates a asset asset in vista .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = homogeneous variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set up the global ui environment .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  called   override
truth:  creates   null

test:  skip test decorator based on lms .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  a http error code to check if a server is successful .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  returns   pick
truth:  null   null

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns directly .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clean up the exposed pattern for the given package and returns the path to the mercurial directory .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  package   package

test:  helper to return the desired subnet group of the postgresql group .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a fake dtype object .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  set   like
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns language .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  if   a
truth:  translated   returns

test:  tristar pattern .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  block   block

test:  test event schema validation .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   event
truth:  test   test

test:  explicitly add a set of all nelements marker to the new modules .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write a code with line numbers in order to the name of this page .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  append   a
truth:  output   output

test:  get the user number from the program .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  find   null
truth:  have   null

test:  return a llvm function that can be used to borrowing a python integer .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  sign a string signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  retrieves single group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieve   group
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given an iterable of item types .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  load   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal cardinal interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  get the invoke of a command .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  run   null
truth:  function   function

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates or remove quota quota rule cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns the full profile image name for a complete file .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   download
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the referrer of the user .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   os
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured timezone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   user
truth:  check   precision

test:  wrapper function to wrap a method so that its arguments are *arg .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return true if path is a python module/package .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  exit [<code>] exits twill .
truth: internal function . 
test:  if   os
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the string name to use as a message .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of urllib .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set a value in a db .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  set   color
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check that all the imports in log files are doctest .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the rc number of the named group cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  replace and saves the metadata from the given module name .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   metadata

test:  gram-schmidt-like decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   format
truth:  null   w

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  transform a warning string into a tree .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  set   create
truth:  context   manager

test:  export from db to files .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  make   a
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filter for a forward response .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  for each sample metadata .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   image

test:  maximum of array elements over a given axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  function   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the rendered widget name .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  displays   returns
truth:  render   a

test:  private method to list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  list   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert a file size in human readable format to human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  convert   like
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats a date according to the given type .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return a list of the quota names .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   quotas

test:  returns the position of the expansion of the given delimiter .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  expand   change
truth:  -   -

test:  check that the given deferred and return a string has a milliseconds attribute .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   google

test:  helper function to pretty printing the provided unicode .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  need   replace
truth:  if   null

test:  update a dataset_id plot .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   searches
truth:  update   update

test:  set all the statistics of the user cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  get   change
truth:  returns   a

test:  tool with respect to the points with zero plotting .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   regression

test:  executes the given dictionary on the given name and kwargs in the dictionary .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  null   add
truth:  nested   update

test:  returns set of assignment cohorts for the given cohort .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  gets   info
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the unix element(s) of the values in a tensor .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  create an public certificates for the given deadline .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  delete all media files and automatically not the media document .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  store   store

test:  helper to morph source estimate for a sparse matrix .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  construct   helper
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test installing from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to run a stream .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  to   method

test:  split a string from the keyword argument into a set of possible python keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  get   s
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group from a secgroups .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  given a list of possible possible node .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  writes message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  output   a

test:  redirect to the root namespace .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  merge the partial entries into a set of entries .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  display an digitalocean name and display it with the given name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  check   name
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return unique name of file name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  download   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  takes   null

test:  get svg path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies that the specified cron job is absent for the specified user .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a list of fully-qualified frame class from the passed in names .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  retrieve   definition
truth:  get   a

test:  parse the pylint line and return a dictionary with the optional opcode .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  read the details from one or more details .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  to   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns the path to the profiler log file .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  package   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of f and p .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the push script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that makes sure the function is valid before the function calls .
truth: run some function . 
test:  null   execution
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the available cookie platform .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a native set into a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get default ddir interface for paths .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  get   system

test:  list a floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the absolute path to a resource of data .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   path

test:  add a specific interface to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   null
truth:  bind   bind

test:  works like application .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  text   a
truth:  display   a

test:  delete a kapacitor task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  uninstall   reset
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper decorator to check the current sessions settings against a sessions .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   a

test:  removes the string remove from the right of a file .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the carving of a gcode file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   example
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  s -> .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  chunks   returns
truth:  sum   sum

test:  gzip the given json file into a csv of tweets .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  indexes   json
truth:  selected   null

test:  set the given properties on a quota and update it .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  allocated   update

test:  asynchronously retrieves the rpc configuration for a given model .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  reserve   helper
truth:  allocates   null

test:  write the checkpoint checkpoint in a cluster checkpoint cluster to the cluster .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  to   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a timeseries .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  filter   function
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return truth value corresponding to the angle of a pandas .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  null   encodes
truth:  return   a

test:  return an elastic connection for the specified service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch all volumes belonging to a consistency group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  return   list
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test transformations of broadcast_arrays .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  repeat   make_imbalance
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  find   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos with given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  construct a list of resources representing all resources in the given root path .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests for social plugin has properly processed the image ordering .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   links
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to ensure that the call extra function works as intended for easy easy .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  represent   up
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compute the scalar labels inertia between x and y .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  labels   labels

test:  validate that start and check to check that all the keys are present in dict .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a volume cache entry from the cluster .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  copies the entire function with a random sentence .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  removes a cluster version from the specified cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the path to the local client for a local client .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a decimal b .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs a django command in a given shell .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  run   run
truth:  write   null

test:  get the list of lists of complex lists .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  indexes   function
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find the filesystem archive that matches the given directory .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  sort english blocks in english order .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 elements in an entry in the given list of strings .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set a block scalar in a block scalar .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  use   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns true if were running on an undirected usage .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  retrieve   volumes
truth:  return   volumes

test:  return discovery entry for the given category .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  run   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  compute the inverse of the input image .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the string with whitespace removed .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  escape the url according to the ajax url if its not already .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  return   return

test:  look up a sympy expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  -   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to function that function called on function calls .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   attempts
truth:  associate   null

test:  delete data for the old bokeh user .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  format   check
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes mapping file to files parameters table : name of property sizes or obtaines filepath the sample sizes of property table .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  parses the q plugin plugin .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  null   null

test:  set the subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  enable   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test the average vertex implementation .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  estimate gradient ridge to the ridge function .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  limit   estimate
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a common path from bti bti formats .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  module   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  remove wsgi intercept from host .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   one
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   messages
truth:  adds   a

test:  look up the pylint .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator to require that a user be an http user .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a variable length of the model .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compile the given and install .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that value is a valid string .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  validate   optional

test:  returns a *worder* formated from a mode .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert uint to integer .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the video chroma .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   new
truth:  set   new

test:  retrieve cache object by name .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  return   snapshot
truth:  projects   projects

test:  matches against list of patterns with the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  check   version
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws configservice :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the current encoding of a preferred preferred encoding .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  the restful certificates for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generating   start

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test that wide wide with a activate scripts that doesnt exist in the scripts .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  echo   uninstall
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  replaces line with a valid remote text .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from a blob .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  return the base path of a base path .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string that prints the minor version of sphinx .
truth: format sys . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  format   sys

test:  instantiates an array and returns none if it is a valid array .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  given an sending id .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  turn   attempt
truth:  wrap   a

test:  given a theano variable y: a theano variable expr: a theano expression involving x and y returns the result of a numpy array .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  check if the given version is available .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  check   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the dacl of a directory on the device cli example: .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  works   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure a job is present in the value of the node name of an openstack configuration file .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   points
truth:  attach   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  remove a location from the deletion .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  deletes   image

test:  this method is used with a generic contribution to update and update the contribution with a mount exploration .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a list of colors .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  the kinetic function .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  use   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a python source file name .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the default app to be used for an object .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  control   manager
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the request is a slug object .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  display   get
truth:  search   search

test:  check whether or not an object is unicode .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download data from the remote server .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  -   a
truth:  null   device

test:  returns combined set of all all all the provided user .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of the publicurl .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the given default api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  make   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  attempt to set aws access key from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always returns c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the inverse discrete cosine matrix for a given prime .
truth: given data x . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid of a container name container name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the top data on a specific selinux .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  add   tree
truth:  run   run

test:  calls the given command with the given options and returns the job object .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  to   a
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  add the given things to the config handler for tensorflow .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  signal   conversion
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  given the backup directory .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  finds   up
truth:  figure   figure

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for log_sum_exp __init__ .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  if   replaces
truth:  initialize   null

test:  this function calls the given reactor and returns the expiration if that was deleted .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  create a json dictionary from a json row and converts it to a json format .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  create   core
truth:  convert   json

test:  create a pending uses exception if it doesnt exist .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  to   null
truth:  create   create

test:  get list of baremetal nodes for a baremetal baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   print

test:  url decodes key as string from command/docstring that can be an instance of primary keys .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for demo templates in order to unpack the decorated function as implementing implementing the test .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the trimmed mean of the gamma of the array at the given axis .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  catches the signal that a ccx has been published in studio and sets the course of those courses .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the unitary .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function that instantiates the unicode string .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  call   str

test:  set the main entry point to the css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a kernel temperature temperature to a *destty* temperature temperature .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  color   shorthand
truth:  defines   null

test:  checks the type name corresponding to the given object .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make a color to the sales api .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  return   call
truth:  produces   a

test:  create a new default .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the low-level surface of a packet .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression minusminus .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  check whether this field can be used to query a model .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to save and restart the current plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  return   return

test:  using recurrent unit tests that minimal updates .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   set

test:  converts a mask to a mask based on the resource value .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check for glob glob .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  needs   format
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of the response that supports data' .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build the table of the provided foreign table .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert percentage to a dns message object .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  add   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if and only if the bio is a semi-colon multicast executable .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to make an event call available on specific learning .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  retrieve all available widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  prepare a fancy bcache vocabulary and train it to train the vocabulary .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   wmt

test:  render an invitation error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  returns   returns

test:  internal utility for checking that were an alternate mode .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  calculate   sync
truth:  put   put

test:  generate a gzip with the lines from gzip .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return a string with the current locale settings .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list into a list of distributions .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   split

test:  create an invariant field for the given type .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  allow   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  tries to print a wsgi keys .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  print   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for a list of curve curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces line breaks in the last whitespace of a text with its average side .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  text   null
truth:  null   part

test:  create a location lun for a specific provider type .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  is   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  if the tarball of a tarball .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create loops fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the number of hqe objects in a hqe .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  computes   null

test:  pass in a query string to a list of ordercreator .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  list   a
truth:  build   a

test:  set the lower lower lower lower lower lower case .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  model   a
truth:  set   set

test:  like stdout .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run code in the sympy .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  run   run
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot a symbolic link with rosenbrock .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  draw   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to skip test if mkl is true .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the configured probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   delete
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the base64 encoded key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  construct   compute
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears caches from the call call .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is passed .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function kei(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  create a random alphanumeric string .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that the given exception is the given test running exception .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  retry a function and raise an exception if it fails .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  check   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  return a list of tests in the given prefix .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  stream   find
truth:  return   a

test:  dynamically loads a dotted class path from the given attribute path for the given attribute name .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu deconv gradient with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  null   serialize
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volume zone manager .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a constant .
truth: some functions . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  run the work() method .
truth: main program . 
test:  run   requests
truth:  null   program

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test a positive matrix exponential function .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the nodes of a degree in the graph .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  generate   node

test:  load the packages from the current package .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the tax number is valid .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the path to the directory of the script .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test execute the autoscalingdef of the device .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  test   create
truth:  if   url

test:  checks if the object is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  compute the go go step a*y .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  regex   dictionaries
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  determines if a sum is a square host-name .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  take a string of the amazon python code object and produce the corresponding amazon amazon python value .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  int   replaces
truth:  take   a

test:  split a title with the youtube title and titles .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  convert a propositional sentence to a disjunctive expression .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  create   create
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return the terminal where the terminal is in the terminal .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  source   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns the collection collections of the given collection .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a csv file exists .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash for it .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  helper function to extract an segments id from a token id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a log mapped to the given base class .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  log   attempt
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   compute
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the sokal-sneath sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  push   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  helper to convert a list of valid identifiers to a single string .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  decodes   map
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads the given item from the item cache .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   item

test:  returns true/false whether the package contains an atom for the specified package .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  obtain a lock id from lock .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns the latest version of the page .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  gets   alternative
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a number object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate an application error to an application error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  imports the specified class for the given path .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   null

test:  download a function in a thread and return the result as a deferred that will execute the given result in a deferred .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  put   a
truth:  run   a

test:  export a stats stats for a given request .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  export   export
truth:  stats   stats

test:  deletes an image from the compute node .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns python objects for the given object .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   decoder

test:  converts a value that is a value for the value of three three ports .
truth: get opt . 
test:  converts   val
truth:  get   opt

test:  lazy lazy state from a domain name the name of the summary to use .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert binary number to integer .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  convert   count
truth:  translate   a

test:  adds a task to the testing state .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this is mostly mostly example: .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  sends   request
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check for drf log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   context
truth:  -   -

test:  landing processor .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  null   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date_time
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the mirror name from a volume object .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if the desired array are not equal w .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  assert   use
truth:  check   check

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  if   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a boto map from the values in the list .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a service so it gets turned into the service .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  return a datetime object based on the offset and the offset .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if this xblock has limited keys that are limited to this xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  return   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  updates the dmg makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   user
truth:  update   update

test:  return partition information cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   add
truth:  return   a

test:  create vbd and backref from vm and backref when parsing vbd from vm .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  to   create
truth:  create   create

test:  identify the deployment_config_file format that can be used for the provided format .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  function   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  given a page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   wrapper
truth:  reduce   null

test:  lists all the vlanids .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  count the number of characters in string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   method

test:  kill a pid from the given pid .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  group a dictionary with optional mapping .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  checks if the provided string is a valid python function .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a cluster options for a given cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  null   get
truth:  obtain   a

test:  return a list of steps for all steps in this vmware environment .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  list   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns true if this field has unrendered errors .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be called when the given type is being reported .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   handler

test:  checks if a list is a list of arbitrary cant use .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address belongs to link-local multicast address space .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  if   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a web url for interacting with a given operation .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  constructs   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  generate a random word string .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return a slice of the passed axis for the given axis .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  slice   slice

test:  adds an existing key to query css key .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  add   up
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  takes a batch of data .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new mouse tags from a list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  run   function
truth:  null   interface

test:  returns the url of the domain domain .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   try
truth:  null   example

test:  ordered classpath of the bundle url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should disallow attribute with the given attribute should .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of all updates that have available on the minion .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  list   key
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure the email for os is set .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  if   check
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  run the client .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  finds   volume
truth:  execute   a

test:  use the repository account account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  get the mattermost options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   resource
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the list of multisplit namespaces from tag name .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  list   list
truth:  split   split

test:  for a english walking walking the comp for a given set of channels .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  string   set
truth:  get   row

test:  compute a p-th filter for an array .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  calculate   data
truth:  apply   a

test:  assumes arrays are the same .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  arrays   domain
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  given a given message .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  results   input
truth:  input   input

test:  return the link link to the pants api .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  return   link
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an image protobuf to a protobuf protobuf .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

